Careers \ Anthropic Skip to main content Skip to footer Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Developer Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app Research Economic Futures Commitments Initiatives Transparency Responsible Scaling Policy Trust center Security and compliance Learn Learn Anthropic Academy Use cases Engineering at Anthropic Developer docs Company About Careers Events News Try Claude Try Claude Try Claude Learn more about Claude Products Claude Claude Code Claude Developer Platform Pricing Contact sales Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Log in Claude.ai Claude Console EN This is some text inside of a div block. Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Log in to Claude Download app Download app Download app Join the team making AI safe We’re a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. Our team’s experience spans a variety of backgrounds and disciplines, from physics and machine learning to public policy and business. We work as a cohesive team that collectively forecasts the impact and tractability of research ideas in advancing our mission. See open roles See open roles See open roles Our co-founders discuss the origins of Anthropic, the “race to the top” in AI development, and where AI technology will go from here. What We Offer Health & Wellness At Anthropic, we believe that supporting our employees is crucial to our collective success and wellbeing. That’s why we offer a range of benefits to best support you and your family, now and in the future. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your dependents Inclusive fertility benefits via Carrot Fertility 22 weeks of paid parental leave Flexible paid time off and absence policies Generous mental health support for you and your dependents Compensation & Support Our goal is to foster an environment where you can thrive professionally while feeling confident that you and your loved ones are taken care of. Competitive salary and equity packages Optional equity donation matching at a 1:1 ratio, up to 25% of your equity grant Robust retirement plans and salary sacrifice programs with market competitive matching Life and income protection plans Additional Benefits $500/month flexible wellness and time saver stipend Commuter benefits Annual education stipend Home office stipends Relocation support for those moving for Anthropic Daily meals and snacks in the office What we value and how we act Every day, we make critical decisions that inform our ability to achieve our mission. Shaping the future of AI and, in turn, the future of our world is a responsibility and a privilege. Our values guide how we work together, the decisions we make, and ultimately how we show up for each other and work toward our mission. 01 Act for the global good. We strive to make decisions that maximize positive outcomes for humanity in the long run. This means we’re willing to be very bold in the actions we take to ensure our technology is a robustly positive force for good. We take seriously the task of safely guiding the world through a technological revolution that has the potential to change the course of human history, and are committed to helping make this transition go well. 02 Hold light and shade. AI has the potential to pose unprecedented risks to humanity if things go badly. It also has the potential to create unprecedented benefits for humanity if things go well. We need shade to understand and protect against the potential for bad outcomes. We need light to realize the good outcomes. 03 Be good to our users. At Anthropic, we define “users” broadly. Users are our customers, policy-makers, Ants, and anyone impacted by the technology we build or the actions we take. We cultivate generosity and kindness in all our interactions—with each other, with our users, and with the world at large. Going above and beyond for each other, our customers, and all of the people affected by our technology is meeting expectations. 04 Ignite a race to the top on safety. As a safety-first company, we believe that building reliable, trustworthy, and secure systems is our collective responsibility—and the market agrees. We work to inspire a ‘race to the top’ dynamic where AI developers must compete to develop the most safe and secure AI systems. We want to constantly set the industry bar for AI safety and security and drive others to do the same. 05 Do the simple thing that works. We take an empirical approach to problems and care about the size of our impact and not the sophistication of our methods. This doesn’t mean we throw together haphazard solutions. It means we try to identify the simplest solution and iterate from there. We don’t invent a spaceship if all we need is a bicycle. 06 Be helpful, honest, and harmless. Anthropic is a high-trust, low-ego organization. We communicate kindly and directly, assuming good intentions even in disagreement. We are thoughtful about our actions, avoiding harm and repairing relationships when needed. Everyone contributes, regardless of role. If something urgently needs to be done, the right person to do it is probably you! 07 Put the mission first. At the end of the day, the mission is what we’re all here for. It gives us a shared purpose and allows us to act swiftly together, rather than being pulled in multiple directions by competing goals. It engenders trust and collaboration and is the final arbiter in our decisions. When it comes to our mission, none of us are bystanders. We each take personal ownership over making our mission successful. Technical Interviews The novel challenges we think about at Anthropic demand diverse expertise and perspectives. Our interview process is designed to identify thoughtful candidates who bring unique strengths to our multidisciplinary team. If you think this may describe you, we’d love to hear from you regardless of your background or experience. One of the most common questions we get is about whether it is worth applying to work at Anthropic if you have not worked on modern machine learning systems in the past. Yes! For some roles, ML experience is expected, but many technical staff have arrived at Anthropic with no machine learning experience. If you aren’t sure about the ML experience needed for your role, ask your recruiter. We use shared environments like Colab and Replit for our programming-focused interviews. We’ll be very interested in how you think through each problem and analyze the tradeoffs between possible approaches, and we’ll also expect you to write, run, and debug your solutions. You’ll be allowed to look things up in documentation or on the web, just like you usually can (which is why we’ll ask you to share your screen throughout each interview); but it’s still important to be familiar with basic syntax, standard libraries, and common idioms in the language you’re interviewing in, so that looking things up doesn’t consume too much time. Your interview process will also include non-technical questions about your experience and what motivates you, and, of course, you’ll have time to ask us about Anthropic! We can’t wait to meet you. Other Things Engineers here do lots of research, and researchers do lots of engineering While there’s historically been a division between engineering and research in machine learning, we think that boundary has dissolved with the advent of large models. The distribution of candidates we interview is strongly bimodal in both engineering and research experience however, and we have necessarily tailored our interview structure to that. If you’ve an engineering background, please apply as an engineer. You’ll perform much better in the interviews, and if you join you’ll have as much input to Anthropic’s direction and interests as anyone else. As evidence towards this: all of our papers have engineers as authors, and often as first author. Research and engineering hires all share a single title — ‘Member of Technical Staff’. We value direct evidence of ability If you’ve done interesting independent research, written an insightful blog post, or made substantial contributions to open-source software, put that at the top of your resume! Feedback We do not provide feedback on resumes or interviews. Visas Anthropic sponsors visas! We aren’t able to sponsor them for every role and every candidate; operations roles are especially difficult to support. But if we make you an offer, we will make every effort to get you into the United States, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. Green cards Once you’re eligible, we’re also keen to sponsor green cards! Educational backgrounds and experience vary across our team and across our roles We do not require PhDs or previous ML experience — About half of Anthropic technical staff have a PhD of some sort; about half had prior experience in ML. We have several brilliant colleagues who never went to college. Remote interviewing All our interviews are conducted over Google Meet. We prefer PST office hours, but we can be flexible if that’s difficult for you. Re-applying Similarly, if interviews don’t work out this time, you’re welcome to re-apply after 12 months, and earlier if something materially changes about your experience or skills. Remote work Anthropic staff all come to the office regularly. Most staff live in the Bay Area, though a few live further away and come in for one week a month. We also understand that moving can take time, so as a transitional phase some folks start while fully remote. Offer timing If we make an offer, we’re happy to give you time to think about it and finish up any other interview processes you’re going through. Candidate Privacy Policy US Candidate Privacy Policy India Employee and Candidate Privacy Policy AU, UK, EU, CH, KR AND JP Employee and Candidate Privacy Policy AU, UK, EU, CH, KR AND JP Employee and Candidate Privacy Policy (in French) AU, UK, EU, CH, KR AND JP Employee and Candidate Privacy Policy (in Japanese) Internships We do not offer internships. Guidance on Candidates’ AI Usage Learn about our policy for using AI in our application process. Want to help us build the future of safe AI? See open roles See open roles See open roles Footer © 2024 Anthropic PBC Products Claude Claude Code Claude and Slack Claude in Excel Max plan Team plan Enterprise plan Download apps Pricing Log in to Claude Models Opus Sonnet Haiku Solutions AI agents Code modernization Coding Customer support Education Financial services Government Life sciences Claude Developer Platform Overview Developer docs Pricing Amazon Bedrock Google Cloud’s Vertex AI Console login Learn Blog Courses Use cases Connectors Customer stories Engineering at Anthropic Events Powered by Claude Service partners Startups program Company Anthropic Careers Economic Futures Research News Responsible Scaling Policy Security and compliance Transparency Help and security Availability Status Support center Terms and policies Privacy choices Cookie Settings We use cookies to deliver and improve our services, analyze site usage, and if you agree, to customize or personalize your experience and market our services to you. You can read our Cookie Policy here . Customize cookie settings Reject all cookies Accept all cookies Necessary Enables security and basic functionality. Required Analytics Enables tracking of site performance. Off Marketing Enables ads personalization and tracking. Off Save preferences Privacy policy Responsible disclosure policy Terms of service: Commercial Terms of service: Consumer Usage policy © 2024 Anthropic PBC