RHINOSHIELD Transforms Legal Operations with Luminance’s Legal-Grade™ AI Contact Careers Academic Program Luminance, the pioneer of Legal-Grade™ AI for enterprise, today announced that RHINOSHIELD, a global leader in protective smartphone accessories and visionary in solving plastic pollution, has adopted its technology to streamline legal operations across the business. “ RHINOSHIELD is pro-AI as a business, and it was clear to me that Luminance would be a very useful tool for us,” comments Tim Liu, Legal Manager at RHINOSHIELD . “In a noisy market, Luminance’s AI stands out for its dynamic, intelligent platform and trustworthy outputs.” As a manufacturer for technological devices, RHINOSHIELD’s legal team faces a heavy volume of legal documentation, including complex license agreements and intellectual property orders. Struggling to keep up with the growing demand as RHINOSHIELD’s footprint continues to expand globally, the company recognized the critical need for a smarter solution. As a forward-thinking organization, RHINOSHIELD promotes the use of AI to enhance activity across the business, and the legal department knew that AI was the key to accelerating processes and supporting legal operations. After trialing several AI solutions, RHINOSHIELD found Luminance to be the standout choice. The team were particularly impressed with the ability to revise provisions which not only meet their positions, but also use minimal, precise language in order to reduce back-and-forth, building significant trust in the generated redlines. A particular pain point prior to adopting Luminance was the volume and complexity of licensing agreements – the team was dealing with high volumes of these lengthy, complex agreements. Capacity was at its maximum and it was clear that AI could help expedite this process. Beyond the legal department, Luminance allows the licensing team to conduct initial reviews autonomously, rather than always going through the legal team, reducing bottlenecks and minimizing the burden on Legal. Luminance also provides immediate insight into contractual obligations and expectations. For example, it’s easy to quickly check where licensed products can be sold and verify the outputs by getting Luminance to show the provision to back up its answer. With this trustworthy insight, business queries which used to take half a day to respond to can now be addressed in under an hour, with a high level of confidence in the response. Moreover, the licensing team can extract this information themselves, passing it onto other business functions in order to further reduce bottlenecks and commercial delays. Luminance enables RHINOSHIELD beyond just its legal department and elevates efficiency without risking undesirable contractual noncompliance. Looking ahead, RHINOSHIELD is excited to expand its use of Luminance’s contract generation functionality from its standard license agreements to influencer agreements around the world to expedite the creation and execution of these agreements, providing a clear, approved template to populate in moments. What’s more, RHINOSHIELD does business around the globe, and these influencer agreements come in various languages. The team can benefit from Luminance’s language-agnosticism, using the AI to understand what has been revised and if it’s acceptable to the business, even in unfamiliar languages. “We’re excited to be working with RHINOSHIELD , as it’s clear that innovation is a core value for their business. I look forward to seeing the impact of Luminance to optimize their work as this partnership continues to blossom.” says Eleanor Lightbody, CEO at Luminance. END About Evolutive Labs Evolutive Labs is an entity of Rhinoshield, an accessories brand which offers superior protection for its customer’s devices. Established in 2012, and driven by creative ingenuity, RHINOSHIELD continues to evolve by seeking out new materials, focusing on sustainability, and being a leader in customization. About Luminance Developed by AI experts from the University of Cambridge, Luminance’s Legal-Grade™ AI automates and augments every touchpoint a business has with its contracts. Its Mixture of Experts approach – known as the “Panel of Judges” – uses probabilistic consensus to ensure legal-grade accuracy during contract generation, negotiation and post-execution analysis. Trusted by over 700 customers in 70+ countries including a quarter of the world’s largest law firms and multinational organizations across industries, from AMD and National Grid to LG Chem and DHL, Luminance’s end-to-end platform brings specialist AI to wherever computer meets contract.