About Mirage | Redefining the Future of Video Products Solutions Research Resources Get started Open Mirage Studio About Mirage You can't grow your brand without short-form video. At Mirage, we're building foundation models and products to redefine how videos get made. Formerly known as Captions, we rebranded in 2025 to reflect our expanded mission. Our vision A world where the distance between idea and audience is zero, giving creators and businesses the power to reach their full creative and commercial potential. Our founders Gaurav Misra Co-Founder and CEO Dwight Churchill Co-Founder and COO As seen in: See recent press Our research We create generative models that turn voice and language into rich, photorealistic video. Our multimodal foundation model produces A-roll footage that looks and feels real, matching speech with natural lip movement, eye contact, and emotional expression. It's a new way to bring human presence to screens, powered entirely by AI. Learn more Designed and built in New York City Join the Mirage team Yes, we’re hiring! If you want to help shape the future of AI alongside a team that feels like home, we’d love to talk. You'll be joining an early team where you'll have an outsized impact on both the product and the company's culture. See current openings Our investors Jacob Andreou Kevin Systrom Mike Krieger Lenny Rachitsky Julie Zhuo Ben Rubin Nico Wittenborn Antoine Martin Jaren Glover Jared Leto Among other esteemed investors and advisors See the latest November 7, 2025 How to improve your video SEO strategy. October 28, 2025 How HubSpot built better campaigns with Mirage Studio. October 15, 2025 Your guide to AI credits. Captions Overview Pricing Mirage Studio Overview Pricing Solutions Enterprise Agencies Small businesses Resources About us Blog Research Careers Help Center Contact information Press coverage Press inquiries General inquiries Press kit © 2025 Mirage. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Safety & Security Mirage Studio Terms Mirage Studio User Terms Captions Terms