Customer Success Stories | Decagon AI 🎤 Watch the full replay of Decagon Dialogues 2025. Learn more Sign in Get a demo Case studies Explore how the world’s leading enterprises use Decagon to achieve exceptional results. See other resources Scaling member support with AI-powered automation 70% resolution across chat and voice Regain lost time and elevate customer experience 80% deflection rate Valon Valon and Decagon worked closely to design AI voice agents that embodied clarity, warmth, and trustworthiness. Whop How Whop scales customer trust and product innovation with Decagon Notion Transforming millions of customer inquiries into a cohesive digital experience. Noom Noom partnered with Decagon to modernize and scale its customer support experience. Rippling How Rippling supports many user types with Decagon Curology Curology deployed Decagon's AI customer service agents to drive massive savings and business outcomes. Substack Substack achieved great efficiency while engaging their readers and writers by handling actions and complex workflows. Podium Podium increased deflection rate, reduced total resolution time, and boosted team productivity by 3x with Decagon's AI. Bilt Bilt uses Decagon to automate tickets and free up the team by integrating deeply with internal systems. ClassPass ClassPass increased deflection rate by 10x and scaled customer chat to 24/7 with Decagon's AI agents. Fourthwall Fourthwall leverages Decagon as a high-quality support agent that is always online to support creators. Flashfood Flashfood uses Decagon to give customers a superior experience while automatically resolving 90%+ of issues. NG.CASH NG.CASH is setting new support standards for Gen Z in Brazil as a leader in the fintech space. How Faire Revolutionized Customer Support and Operational Efficiency 100,000s of brands and retailers AI agents for concierge customer experience Get a demo Product Overview AOPs Chat Email Voice Integrations Experiments Agent Assist Insights & Reporting Testing & QA Watchtower Suggestions Trust Center Industries Retail Travel & Hospitality Technology Financial Services Health & Wellness Media Telecommunication Resources Customers Blog Glossary Company About Careers Privacy Policy Security Contact Sales Contact Support © 0000 Decagon. All rights reserved.