Our customers: Sierra is trusted by industry leaders with millions of customers. | Sierra Skip to main content Our customers Sierra is trusted by industry leaders with millions of customers. Resolution rate 77% October 30, 2025 How Wilson® applies a century of craftsmanship to its consumer experiences. Read more Sierra sets businesses up for success Visionary startups and industry leaders already use Sierra to move quicker and smarter. CSAT improvement +7 percentage points How Tubi creates “magical moments” at scale with AI. Case resolution 90% How Ramp applies its engineering mindset to customer experience. Customer satisfaction 4.7/5 How CLEAR is elevating member hospitality with AI. Resolution rate 77% How Wilson® applies a century of craftsmanship to its consumer experiences. Customers 15 Million How Sonos elevates the listener experience with Sierra. Conversion rate increase 3x How Sun & Ski’s AI agent “Sunny” turns approachability into sales. Customers 250,000 How CDW is reimagining B2B customer experience with Sierra. Subscribers 34 Million How SiriusXM increases listener loyalty with Sierra. Customer inquiries per month 2 million How ADT embraces AI to make every second count. Resolution Rate 74% Increase in CSAT >20% How Casper turns a big purchase into a lifelong relationship with AI. Case resolution >65% CSAT 95% How Minted blends artistry with AI to transform customer experiences. CSAT ~90% How Thrive Market is scaling healthy living with AI. Reduction in subscription cancellations 50% Hair color trailblazer Madison Reed gives customer experience a glow-up with AI. Case resolution 64% How AOL modernizes a heritage brand using AI-powered customer service with Sierra. CSAT 4.5/5 Resolution rate with Sierra 70% How OluKai scales the Aloha experience with Sierra. CSAT 4.6 Resolution rate with Sierra ~70% How WeightWatchers embraces AI to engage members with empathy, at scale, with Sierra. How Chubbies delivers weekend vibes with AI. How ThirdLove uses AI to create a perfectly personalized fit. How melin delivered peak performance support in time for the holiday season with Sierra. Case resolution >75% How Pendulum helps customers get health support with conversational AI. 5/5 scores conversational & technical excellence 99% How AG1 uses AI to empower customers with a daily health ritual. CSAT 82% How Marshmallow is using AI to build a fairer future for newcomers to the UK. Customer blogs Change agents: Redfin Redfin launches first of its kind AI conversational search experience Change agents: Safelite How Safelite is transforming auto glass services for customers and insurance partners. Change agents: Rocket Mortgage The journey home, powered by AI. Change agents: Funnel Leasing Transforming the renter experience: Funnel’s human-first approach to AI Change agents: Chime Discover how AI is transforming CX from a cost center to a brand-building engine through faster, more personalized support at scale. Change agents: Brex By building its customer agent with Sierra, Brex has accelerated service by 90%, saved customers over 15,000 hours a year, and empowered both technical and non-technical teams to scale AI across the business. See what Sierra can do for you Find out how Sierra can help your business build better, more human customer experiences with AI. Learn more