ElevenLabs API - The most powerful AI audio API Skip to content Log in Sign up Developers API reference Get started free Developers Supercharge your projects with the most powerful AI audio API API reference Get started free High quality, low latency Flash model Use our high performance models to power the most dynamic interactions requiring fast responses and top quality output explore models Build faster than ever Quickly generate AI voices in multiple languages for your chatbots, agents, LLMs, websites, apps and more. Easily integrate ElevenLabs into your application with our extensive support system. Text to Speech API Easy integration on any web page Integrate Audio Native into your site and turn your content into a podcast with minimal effort, while improving accessibility and user engagement Audio Native Enterprise ready Our API is built for enterprise needs, ensuring robust security with SOC2 and GDPR compliance to protect your data and support your operations at scale Learn more See how developers and businesses are leveraging speech API Featured Products and services Conversational AI Praktika Scales immersive language learning with ElevenLabs Praktika AI Making healthcare more accessible around the U.S. Elise AI Kindroid gives voice to their AI companions with ElevenLabs Kindroid Aug X Labs partners with ElevenLabs to launch Augie Storyteller Aug X Labs ElevenLabs gives lifelike voice to rabbit’s r1 device Rabbit Arcade uses ElevenLabs to enable companies to bring their interactive demo stories to life Arcade GRANTS Build natural voices into your product ✓ 33M Characters ✓ 12 months free ✓ Higher concurrency limits About Grants Frequently asked questions Can I get support during the integration process? Absolutely, we have extensive resources to help you with integration, an active developer community on Discord, and a responsive support team to assist you! What is usage-based billing? Usage-based billing offers a fixed price for each additional 1,000 credits used over your limit. How do I get started with the API? You can get started by signing up for a free account. Once you have an account, find your xi-api-key in your profile settings. This key is required for authentication in API requests. You can then generate audio from text in a variety of languages by sending a POST request to the API with the desired text and voice settings. The API returns an audio file in response. Use programming languages like Python for these requests. How secure is my data with ElevenLabs? Your data security is our priority. Our API is designed with robust security in place, including SOC2 and GDPR compliance, an end-to-end encryption, and an optional no-retention mode. What is the latency and output quality when using an API? Our Flash model API delivers audio at 128 kbps with ~75ms latency. What is ElevenLabs Grants and how can it benefit my startup? The ElevenLabs Grants program offers free usage plans to help startups and new products integrate lifelike voices into their applications. Recipients get twelve months of free usage, including over 33M credits to generate audio and access to high-scale capabilities and early features. This support lets startups to build, test, and launch their products with ElevenLabs voices without upfront costs. ElevenLabs Create with the highest quality AI Audio Get started free Already have an account? Log in Voice chat Powered by ElevenLabs Agents Chat