The complete AI Voice platform for your enterprise Skip to content Log in Sign up The complete AI Voice platform for your enterprise Sign up The complete AI Voice platform for your enterprise Leverage our complete agent and creative platform for better customer experiences and high quality content production. Contact Sales AI Agents Build, deploy and monitor conversational agents 00:00 Eleven Your ElevenLabs assistant Discover the capabilities of Conversational Agents powered by ElevenLabs Creative Platform Generate ultra-realistic speech, sound effects and music Creative Platform Generate ultra-realistic speech, sound effects and music Dreamy Indie Rock Slow tempo Atmospheric Dreamy Trusted by 10,000+ of industry-leading businesses Explore how companies use ElevenLabs to power their products and operations, from multilingual customer support and 24/7 scheduling to voicing video game characters and more. Agents Platform Creative Platform Traba deploys AI interview agents to scale industrial staffing Bertelsmann and ElevenLabs partner to support storytelling with AI Gaia cuts production time by 25% with ElevenLabs ElevenLabs powers voice for Cisco's Webex AI Agent ElevenLabs showcases multilingual AI voice technology with NVIDIA TELUS Digital launches Agent Trainer Two distinct platforms for agentic and creative workflows Built on the same leading audio research, explore two platforms: one for generating AI media, and another for creating and deploying intelligent agents. Creative Platform Generate ultra-realistic speech, sound effects and music. Our AI models deliver emotional depth and rich delivery, setting a new standard in expressive speech. English In the ancient land of Eldoria, where skies shimmered and forests, whispered secrets to the wind, lived a dragon named Zephyros. [sarcastically] Not the “burn it all down” kind... [giggles] but he was gentle, wise, with eyes like old stars. [whispers] Even the birds fell silent when he passed. 294 / 1000 Agents Platform Resolve customer issues, automate scheduling, and deliver accurate support, all grounded in your data, tailored to your workflows, and ready to deploy at scale. Enterprise-grade security and infrastructure for AI Voices at scale Enterprise-level data protection We're certified SOC2 and GDPR compliant, and our optional Zero Retention Mode ensures none of your content or data are retained on our servers. End-to-end encryption further protects data sent to and from our models. We sign BAAs with HIPAA compliant configurations for qualifying enterprises Built for large organizations Set granular team permissions and collaborate across the company by sharing voices, assets, and resources across your agents and content production pipeline. Elevated support and custom deployments Our team ensures a smooth launch and keeps your operations running reliably, delivering uninterrupted performance and peace of mind. Backed by World-Class Partners Integrate seamlessly with the tools you already use Connect to your CRM, support desk, calendar, payment system, or telephony provider. Whether it’s Salesforce, Stripe, Zendesk, or Twilio, integrations work out of the box with minimal setup Give your business a voice Empower your business with cutting-edge AI voice solutions, built on proprietary research, designed for seamless integration, and ready to scale with your growth. Contact sales Contact sales Partner with our team to explore tailored AI voice solutions that fit your business needs and unlock new opportunities for automation and engagement. Deployment assistance Receive hands-on guidance to integrate, customize, and optimize ElevenLabs voice so it delivers real impact from day one Ongoing support Access continuous updates, expert assistance, and proactive optimizations to keep your voice solutions performing at their best as your business evolves. Frequently asked questions Do you support HIPAA-compliant solutions? Yes. ElevenLabs offers HIPAA-eligible configurations for enterprise customers who require secure handling of Protected Health Information (PHI). HIPAA support is available when Zero Retention Mode is enabled and a Business Associate Agreement (BAA) is in place. Zero Retention ensures that audio inputs and outputs are not stored after processing. Where is my data stored? Do you support U.S., India, or EU data residency? Yes. ElevenLabs provides regional data residency options to meet enterprise and regulatory compliance needs, including the United States, the European Union, and India. Can you support large scale deployments with high concurrency needs? How do you scale for spikes? Yes. ElevenLabs’ infrastructure is designed for enterprise-grade scalability and high concurrency and it’s been tested across industries in some of the largest deployments of AI Audio. Custom service-level agreements are available for mission-critical workloads. Do you offer engineering support for custom deployments? Yes. ElevenLabs provides dedicated engineering support for enterprise clients. Our forward-deployed engineering team works closely with organizations to design, integrate, and optimize ElevenLabs’ audio AI across private environments. Do you support SSO and RBAC? Yes. ElevenLabs supports Single Sign-On (SSO) and Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) to help enterprises manage access securely. SSO is available for enterprise workspaces and integrates with major identity providers such as Okta, Azure Active Directory, and Google Workspace. RBAC allows administrators to manage permissions across teams using workspace roles. Introducing ElevenLabs Image & Video Scribe v2 Realtime now live in ElevenLabs Agents SIP Upgrades for ElevenLabs Agents The most realistic voice AI platform Talk to Sales Get started Voice chat Powered by ElevenLabs Agents Chat