Coactive | Coactive Blog By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close Logo Product Overview Platform Search Analytics Metadata Explore Solutions Media & Entertainment Unlock massive digital archives that host decades of footage Retail Label your product and marketing asset databases Content Moderation Ad Targeting Content Operations Resources Blog Case Studies Docs Webinars & Events Whitepapers & Datasheets Video resources Company About Us Careers Contact Partners Login Get a Demo Login Get a Demo 🇺🇸EN 🇨🇦FR Unlocking Visual Content Stay up-do-date on the latest news and insights on multimodal AI. Thank you! You successfully subscribed to the Coactive blog! Featured article Sep 30, 2025 The Future of Video and Image Intelligence Is Here Coactive MAP Autumn ‘25 gives organizations powerful new ways to discover, monetize, and personalize video and image content. It’s both accurate and affordable - it doubles tagging accuracy and can cut ingestion costs roughly in half. Cody Coleman Blog Categories All Categories Trust & Safety News Product Team Solutions Research News News Sep 30, 2025 The Future of Video and Image Intelligence Is Here News May 9, 2025 Unlocking Content Discovery with AI: Kevin Hill at NAB 2025 News May 21, 2024 Coactive AI Series B Funding Round News Coactive AI Signs Strategic Collaboration Agreement with AWS to Deliver Image and Video Analytics Solution Product Product Oct 17, 2025 Smarter Metadata Tagging for the Multimodal Era Product Sep 30, 2025 The Power to Create Video-Based Apps, Fast: How the Coactive Multimodal AI Platform Turns Months Into Minutes Product Jun 10, 2025 Coactive is Now on Azure: Visual AI Search, Metadata Tagging, and Analytics, Built for Scale Product Mar 26, 2025 Unlocking Video Insights: How an Optimized Video Ingestion Pipeline Transforms Content Discovery Product Jan 27, 2025 Should you build or buy your AI? A primer for business leaders Team Team May 27, 2024 Charting New Skies: This Veteran's Path from Cockpit to Product Management Team Nov 21, 2023 Fireside Chat: Joe Reis & The Future of Data Engineering Team Aug 17, 2023 The AI revolution: Adoption rhymes with interpretability Team Aug 3, 2023 Integrity sells: The power of staying true to our strengths in sales Team Jul 20, 2023 Assembling a new kind of team: Embracing change as a path toward innovation Research Research Oct 18, 2024 Industry perspectives: a media giant's metadata challenge and new AI solutions Research May 25, 2023 DataPerf: the new data-centric standard for progress in machine learning Research Feb 7, 2023 Tackling Socioeconomic Bias in Machine Learning with the Dollar Street Dataset Research Industry perspectives: a multimedia archivist on the challenges of monetizing visual assets Ready to unlock the potential in your visual content? Thank you! We will be in touch soon. Logo Login Contact us linkedin Product Overview Platform Search Analytics Metadata Explore Resources Blog Case Studies Documentation Webinars & Events Whitepapers & Datasheets Video Industries Media & Entertainment Content Moderation Ad Targeting Content Operations Retail Community Company About Us Careers Contact Partners Press Kit Press & Awards Thank you! You successfully subscribed to the Coactive blog! Stay up to date with the latest at Coactive © 2024 Coactive Systems Inc. Terms Privacy Policy Security Status Made by tonik