Coactive | Careers By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy for more information. Preferences Deny Accept Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Reject all cookies Allow all cookies Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. Confirm my preferences and close Logo Product Overview Platform Search Analytics Metadata Explore Solutions Media & Entertainment Unlock massive digital archives that host decades of footage Retail Label your product and marketing asset databases Content Moderation Ad Targeting Content Operations Resources Blog Case Studies Docs Webinars & Events Whitepapers & Datasheets Video resources Company About Us Careers Contact Partners Login Get a Demo Login Get a Demo 🇺🇸EN 🇨🇦FR Build multimodal AI systems that help humans and machines work together. We are a diverse team of experts that have led the charge in the world of machine learning systems and data-centric AI. Join us. Explore Open Roles Guiding Principles View culture as a product We build and deploy the best version of our culture every day. Be coactive We put aside our egos to win together as one team. Engineer magic We deliver magical moments to customers and hires by thoughtful design. Have crucial conversations We learn and build together through clear and constructive dialogue. Act boldly Failure and uncertainty do not scare us from taking action. Embrace difference We understand everyone’s uniqueness to leverage strengths and unlock value. Team testimonials Hear from our team Many companies talk about culture, but few treat it with the same care & discipline as a product. From Day 1, Coactive has been intentional about building a culture that promotes diversity of people & ideas. As a result, they've built an environment where you aren't limited by what you've done before, and rather have a platform to live up to your potential. This place is special, and you can feel it the moment you walk in the door. Josh Heller Chief Revenue Officer "This company is filled with intelligent, gritty people who bring unique perspectives and fresh ideas everyday. I've never worked with such a diverse team before. Having been the only woman or one of very few women on multiple previous teams, I observe that many places tend towards treating diversity as an afterthought." Mehul Smriti Raje Machine Learning Engineer "Working at this company has been a truly rewarding experience from the start. Even as a contractor, I was welcomed like a full-time employee, becoming part of a supportive and friendly family. The opportunity to work with cutting-edge AI technology on challenging problems, alongside some of the most expert people in the field, combined with generous benefits and the chance to travel and connect with the team in person, makes every day both exciting and fulfilling." Juan Camilo Henao Software Engineer Benefits Company benefits and perks Health 100% Insurance Coverage Get life, AD&D, long-term, and short-term disability insurance, fully covered by the employer. Healthcare Packages We provide medical, dental, and vision plans, plus HSA, FSA, and dependent care. Financial Company Equity Join us and benefit from our success through stock options. Commuter Benefits Receive subsidies for your daily commute, including public transit and parking expenses. Retirement Savings Invest in your future with our 401(k) plan, offering both pre-tax and post-tax options. Work Life Inclusive Parental Leave Offering leave for birthing and non-birthing parents, including adoption and foster care. Unlimited PTO Take time off when you need it, with a flexible vacation policy tailored to your needs. One Coactive Time together focused on team building, collaborating, a hackathon, and many more engaging activities. Company-wide holidays Enjoy scheduled holidays where the entire company takes a break together to rejuvenate. Perks Referral program Earn rewards for referring talented candidates who join our team. Meal perks Enjoy lunches to keep you fueled throughout the workday. *Some benefits may apply to specific locations only. Ask your recruiter for details. Our offices Where we work At Coactive, we bring together world-class talent from our hub offices 🇺🇸 San Jose - HQ 50 W San Fernando St, Ste 1100, San Jose, CA 95113 🇺🇸 San Francisco 201 Spear St, 06-102, San Francisco, CA 94105 🇨🇦 Montreal 3970 Saint Ambroise St, Montreal, Quebec H4C 2C7 Join the Coactive Squad Coactive Candidate Journey We respect candidate's time and seek to create a hiring process that is transparent and straightforward. Learn what to expect if you choose to enter the process with us. Learn more Logo Login Contact us linkedin Product Overview Platform Search Analytics Metadata Explore Resources Blog Case Studies Documentation Webinars & Events Whitepapers & Datasheets Video Industries Media & Entertainment Content Moderation Ad Targeting Content Operations Retail Community Company About Us Careers Contact Partners Press Kit Press & Awards Thank you! You successfully subscribed to the Coactive blog! Stay up to date with the latest at Coactive © 2024 Coactive Systems Inc. Terms Privacy Policy Security Status Made by tonik