Pioneers in Generative AI for Healthcare | About Abridge Watch the love stories that inspire us Love Stories Watch the love stories that inspire us Watch Video Skip to main content Platform Clinicians Revenue Cycle Nursing AI Whitepapers Contextual Reasoning Engine Science Publications Resources Customers Best in KLAS Report Scale & Impact Report Impact Calculator News Feed About About Us Press Life at Abridge Careers Login Contact us We Transform Conversations Into Insights With Ai Our mission is to power deeper understanding in healthcare through purpose-built AI. “We’re giving agency back to clinicians, creating clarity for patients, and establishing radical efficiencies to transform healthcare from the conversation up.” Shiv Rao, MD CEO, Founder meet the Leadership team behind abridge We're Shiv Rao, MD CEO, Co-Founder Working at Abridge gives me the opportunity to advocate for patients the way I do at my weekly clinic, but at scale. Zack Lipton, PhD CTO, Co-Founder This is the moment when AI transforms healthcare. I joined Abridge to improve clinician lives by pushing the frontiers of this technology and rolling it out responsibly. Julia Chou Chief Operating Officer Healthcare is inherently human. Working at Abridge means I can help restore connection and meaning to every clinician-patient visit. Brian Wilson Chief Commercial Officer I joined Abridge to help transform the patient-provider interaction that is fundamental to healthcare. Sagar Sanghvi Chief Financial Officer I joined Abridge because Abridge’s DNA in healthcare and technology has enabled us to create a magical product that enhances millions of medical conversations each year. Tim Hwang General Counsel Technology is nothing without empathy. I joined Abridge because it's a rare company that marries the most cutting-edge technology with a real, palpable understanding of the biggest challenges facing healthcare. Our core values Learn more 01 The obstacle is the way We embrace challenges and transform constraints into unique solutions. Obstacles don’t deter us—we find a way to move around them, flowing like water. 02 Choose action We ship, learn, iterate, and empower each other to maintain momentum. We focus on reducing cycle time, working together to figure out how to do things better and faster. We work in a blameless culture, with a relentless pursuit for continuous improvement. 03 Taste good things We’re curious people and it makes sense—you have to taste good things to have good taste. As lifelong learners, we continuously seek knowledge and the ‘why’ behind the ‘what.’ We love nerding out. 04 Help others win We leave egos behind in pursuit of achieving success as a team. Success for us is a team sport and we use constructive feedback to help each other achieve growth. 05 Honor humanity We empathize with the needs of our users, accounting for their daily challenges and aspirations. We develop a deep understanding of how we can best serve them, earning and maintaining trust. Excited to help make an impact? Join our team Platform Clinicians Revenue Cycle Nurses AI Whitepapers Contextual Reasoning Engine Science Publications About About Us Press Life at Abridge Careers Contact Resources Customers Impact Calculator Best in KLAS Report Support Center Customer Hub News Feed Policies Privacy Policy Terms Cookie Preferences Copyright © year Abridge Al, Inc. Contact us