VAST Data Platform Services: AI-Powered Discovery Engine - VAST Data The Data Platform Built for the AI Era and Beyond Unlock 90% of your untapped data with a breakthrough data architecture built to harness limitless data, automate iterative learning, and achieve sustainable competitive advantage. Join the Weekly Live Demo On-Going Challenges of AI Adoption Explosion of data volume & diversity of data sets Moving petabytes or exabytes of data across global data centers has become increasingly unmanageable under legacy systems . Outdated compute architectures Legacy data architectures weren’t built to meet today’s AI demands for massive, diverse datasets and high-performance random I/O. High costs of effective AI Today’s solutions are cost-prohibitive , forcing unacceptable tradeoffs between performance, scale, resiliency, and cost when managing and activating data. Google 20 Years of Direct-Attached, Shared Nothing Architecture Modern AI requires a new, purpose-built architecture Introducing DASE: Disaggregated, Shared-Everything “The Architecture of the Future” IDC A New Parallel Architecture Solving For Challenges of Scale, Simplicity, Resilience and Efficiency Before DASE After DASE Rigid Node Personalities Each node has fixed CPU power and capacity, locking customers into premature hardware refreshes—either to take advantage of new software features or when the system reaches its performance limits. Performance Challenges Clusters get slower as they grow due to increased internal communication, making east-west traffic a bottleneck for consolidating infrastructure. Not Composable Nodes having their own dedicated storage means they are not composable like modern systems . Learn More About the DASE Architecture Massively Scalable A parallel distributed system designed to support the scale and ambition of the world’s largest clouds, AI innovators and data analytics environments. Radically Affordable VAST has engineered multiple layers of efficiency into the VAST Data Platform to make it possible to aggregate all data onto real-time infrastructure . Cloud-Native The VAST DASE architecture is designed to deliver cloud data services, by ensuring resilience at scale and supporting multi-tenancy and dynamic composability. Learn More About the DASE Architecture Built From The Ground Up For The AI Era Data Platform Data Store Data Base Data Engine Data Space Edge-to-Cloud Namespace Ends Decades of Compromises Eliminate tradeoffs between performance, scale and cost. Mobilize limitless types of data with a radically new architecture activating data from edge to cloud. Harnesses The Full Power of AI The only data platform purpose-built for the AI era , optimized for seamless access, real-time processing and learning, to drive innovation and business value. Automates Continuously Iterative Learning Scale across a nearly-infinite number of tables while automatically querying and refining datasets that extend from real-time streams to exabyte scale archives . VAST Data Platform Explained The Only Comprehensive Data Platform for End-End AI Pipelines Data Ingest Data Prep Model Traning Model Deployment Model Augmentation Past Disparate Systems File System, Object System Event Bus, Data Warehouse, Data Catalog AI File System, Home Directories Event Bus, Data Warehouse, Data Catalog Vector Database, Home Directories VAST Single Data Platform Logic: Event Triggers, Queries, Functions State: Files, Objects, Streams, Tables, Vectors Transform the way you analyze and act on data Accelerate Al Workloads Access All Your Data High Performance Intelligent Storage Simplify Enterprise AI Accelerate AI workloads on all your data The VAST Data Platform stands out in seamlessly integrating with, and meeting the performance requirements of Al workloads. All data from edge-to-cloud can be read or written using industry- standard NFS, SMB, S3, K8S CSI. Learn More Accelerate AI workloads on all your data The VAST Data Platform stands out in seamlessly integrating with, and meeting the performance requirements of Al workloads. All data from edge-to-cloud can be read or written using industry- standard NFS, SMB, S3, K8S CSI. Learn More Accelerate AI workloads on all your data The VAST Data Platform stands out in seamlessly integrating with, and meeting the performance requirements of Al workloads. All data from edge-to-cloud can be read or written using industry- standard NFS, SMB, S3, K8S CSI. Learn More Accelerate AI workloads on all your data The VAST Data Platform stands out in seamlessly integrating with, and meeting the performance requirements of Al workloads. All data from edge-to-cloud can be read or written using industry- standard NFS, SMB, S3, K8S CSI. Learn More White Paper The VAST Data Platform Explained Learn how we’ve built a single system to capture, catalog, refine, enrich, and preserve data through real-time deep data analysis and deep learning. Download White Paper Success Stories Don’t take our word for it. View More Resources to keep you moving forward Video Introducing The VAST Data Platform The VAST Data Platform unifies storage, database, and compute into a single, scalable software platform to power AI & deep learning in modern data centers and clouds. 1:02:38 Blog Post The Grand Unification Theory of AI Infrastructure Our vision for the future of computing is a world where AI effortlessly access data. The VAST Data Platform breaks down traditional barriers, enabling real-time insights and limitless scalability, driving unprecedented breakthroughs in AI and data discovery. 8 minute read Assessment AI Assessment Take a quick AI assessment to evaluate your organization's strengths and areas for improvement. 4 pages View All Your AI deserves an Operating System built for it. Schedule Demo