Crusoe Careers | Join AI innovation & renewable energy work NVIDIA GB200 Available today NVIDIA GB200 Available today Crusoe Cloud Overview Cluster Management & Observability Pricing GPUs NVIDIA GB200 NVIDIA B200 NVIDIA H200 NVIDIA H100 AMD MI355x AMD MI300x Cloud AI Infrastructure Data Centers Manufacturing Energy Cloud About Company Impact Leadership Careers Resources Blog Newsroom Customers Support Cloud login Sign up Careers at Crusoe View openings We move quickly, think ambitiously, and solve hard problems. Our mission is to accelerate the abundance of energy and intelligence. We’re crafting the engine that powers a world where people can create ambitiously with AI — without sacrificing scale, speed, or sustainability. Join us and build something amazing. Our benefits Health & wellbeing Comprehensive health benefits designed to support your overall wellness. Time away Paid time off for vacations, family bonding, and unexpected needs. 401(k) match Build your financial future with our 401(k) matching program. Mental wellness Resources and support for your emotional wellbeing and navigating life's challenges. Chart your course Job Types All Job Types Link Template Teams All teams Link Template Location All Locations Link Template Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. No jobs match your criteria. Please try changing your filters. Our values Think like a mountaineer Your goals are achievable, but require intense preparation, focus on safety, accurate forecasting, always thinking ahead, and mastery of your tools. Move fast and make things Velocity, more than any other attribute, will determine which people, companies and nations are able to push forward the frontier of AI innovation and which will be left behind. Bend the arc of energy toward sustainability We see incredible emissions reductions and environmental benefits accruing from both the use of AI-enabled innovations as well as datacenter-led investment into breakthrough energy and environmental solutions. Tap into the collective genius Our greatest ideas are strengthened through vigorous debate and a persistent focus on finding ways to make them better. With our customers, we build together and win forever Earning customer trust is a process of long-term relationship building, honoring commitments, offering more value than we capture, and anticipating customer needs before they arise. Live on the infinite growth loop We work to free ourselves from perceived limits and adopt a mentality of continuous self improvement. Are you ready to build something amazing? Contact us Get started Products Crusoe Cloud Data Centers Energy Developers Documentation Github Cookbook About us Our Mission Our Impact Leadership Careers Other Blog Newsroom Manufacturing Support Trust Center Legal Center Report Abuse Cloud Console Login Contact Us 2025 Crusoe Energy Systems LLC, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Crusoe is an NVIDIA Preferred Partner Crusoe is an NVIDIA Preferred Partner