Join the Clay crew | Clay.com Skip to main Copy logo to clipboard (png) Copied! Copy icon to clipboard (png) Copied! Download brand assets Downloaded! Product features Claygent Research target companies and people with AI Sculptor Build GTM workflows with natural language Signals Track job changes, news, social mentions, and more Audiences Combine signals, enrichment, and CRM data in Clay Integrations Connect to 150+ providers and your favorite tools Sequencer Automate and launch personalized email outreach Recurring workflows CRM enrichment & hygiene TAM sourcing Waterfall enrichment Account & lead scoring Automated inbound Automated outbound additional AI formula generator Salesforce package Changelog Security Solutions by team RevOps Prospect, enrich, and clean your CRM automatically Sales Automate your prospecting and research Growth marketing Targeted campaigns across every channel by company type Enterprise Build the data foundation for any GTM workflow Startups Launch growth campaigns quickly without adding headcount by company type How OpenAI is scaling their GTM motion with Clay How Rippling uses Clay to scale growth experiments and email personalization Resources grow with clay University Learn how to use Clay with our best resources Learn with Cohorts Live training - the fastest way to master Clay GTME blog Read our best guides for outbound, from email setup to AI copywriting Live events Meet the Clay community, trade ideas, walk away with something new Experts Find a GTM consultancy to support your growth Slack Join our Slack for live support and a community of 20K+ growth experts! additional help Clay community Solutions partners Integrations partners Clay creators Claybooks FAQ explore Getting started lesson The GTM Engineer by Clay GTME job board Company our company Careers Learn about our team – and apply to join us About We build creative tools for growth teams Early career opportunities Kickstart your career with us Customer stories Learn how GTM teams use Clay to level up their outbound motion! Social media LinkedIn YouTube Press Customers Pricing Get a demo Login Sign up Copy logo to clipboard (png) Copied! Copy icon to clipboard (png) Copied! Download brand assets Downloaded! Product Features Claygent Research target companies and people with AI Sculptor New Build GTM workflows with natural language Signals Track job changes, news, social mentions, and more Audiences New Combine signals, enrichment, and CRM data in Clay Integrations Connect to 150+ providers and your favourite tools Sequencer New Combine signals, enrichment, and CRM data in Clay Recurring workflow CRM enrichment & hygiene TAM sourcing Waterfall enrichment Account & lead scoring Automated inbound Automated outbound Additional AI formula generator Salesforce package Changelog Security Solutions by team RevOps Prospect, enrich, and clean your CRM automatically Sales Automate your prospecting and research Growth marketing Targeted campaigns across every channel by company type Enterprise Build the data foundation for any GTM workflow Startups Launch growth campaigns quickly without adding headcount Resources grow with clay University Learn how to use Clay with our best resources Claybooks Build powerful workflows with Clay and other tools Experts Need help scaling your outbound? Hire a Clay expert GTME blog Read our best guides for outbound, from email setup to AI copywriting Cohorts Live training - the fastest way to master Clay Slack Join our Slack for live support and a community of 20K+ growth experts! additional help Getting started Creators Solution partners Live events Integrations partners FAQ tools Headcount finder WHOIS lookup GTME job board Company our company Careers Learn about our team – and apply to join us About We build creative tools for growth teams Early career opportunities Kickstart your career with us Social media LinkedIn YouTube Press Customers Pricing Login Get a demo Get a demo Login Sign up Careers Join the Clay crew We’re building creative tools to help grow businesses. We’re a team of designers, engineers, and GTM experts. We're also aspiring DJs, writers, social workers & more. Explore open jobs we’re looking for help in these areas Job title Deparment Apply to this role Our values What we’re all about Kindness and creativity run deep at Clay. We care about bringing out the brightest parts of one another and building world class products. Download all operating principles FYI Culture Keep moving! It’s about keeping communication open without creating unnecessary delays. Make it work, then make it great Function before perfection. Approach tasks in stages: get the foundation right first, then enhance it. Quiet ego Humility and curiosity drive progress. Step back, reflect, and be guided by what's best for the team and the company—not just our individual success Negative maintenance Make things a little better everyday. Identify what’s most important and give it your full attention Company benefits Benefits to help you make the best work of your life We think a lot about the impact that software has on a global scale, but also just how powerful each individual becomes when given the tools to be successful. See job openings Competitive salary and role trajectory Your roles, responsibilities, and compensation will grow as we do. Health insurance Fully funded, high quality health, dental & vision coverage options for NYC Claymates. Insurance options for remote Claymates may vary by location. Visa and green card sponsorship We know it can be an arduous process, but we're here to help you succeed. Flexible schedules & paid time off Work-life balance matters. We expect everyone to take their vacation weeks off. Socials & retreats We love hanging out—from DJ Fridays to daily team lunches to soccer. We also gather in-person at a special retreat each year. Personal comfort Order whatever equipment you think will help you work more enjoyably. Lunch and dinner are provided in office every day. Flexible in-person culture We love the energy of in-person collaboration while also offering the flexibility to work from home when needed. Parental and family benefits We support current and future parents with IVF fertility benefits, egg freezing, and 4 months of paid parental leave. Our team Meet our teams Based in NYC, we're a team that hails from Egypt, India, France, the UK, Kenya, Lebanon, Canada and beyond. Explore open jobs Engineering Our engineering team builds and deploys new features, responds to customer feedback, and continuously improves Clay’s product, delivering impactful solutions across both the front-end and back-end of our app and platform Marketing Our marketing team guides the journey from initial awareness to product mastery, ensuring customers can easily learn and engage with Clay through our website, email communications, in-product suggestions, and more GTM Our GTM team is dedicated to driving enterprise sales and fostering partnerships, helping companies harness the full potential of Clay while translating customer insights into valuable product enhancements Brand Our brand team ensures that our essence and authenticity are woven throughout every aspect of Clay, maintaining consistency and a strong identity across all touch points both digital and physical People Our people team is responsible for attracting and retaining talented Claymakers, fostering a supportive and engaging environment that empowers everyone to thrive Customer experience Our CX team is dedicated to providing outstanding support, resolving user challenges, and ensuring each interaction leaves our users feeling valued. We strive to understand our customers growth goals and help them achieve them using Clay Product design Our Product Design team shapes the visual and interactive journey of our product, crafting seamless experiences and designs in Figma Life at Clay We value spending meaningful time together and cannot wait to jam with you. See all job openings Craftsmanship, attentiveness to detail, and a deep enjoyment of the process are important parts of how we approach building here at Clay. Previous Next Company retreat in Cape Cod Join our yearly company retreat; last one was in Cape Cod! DJ Fridays On Fridays at 5pm, we turn the lights off and the music on! DJ Fridays are our longest-running ritual. Holiday party Our 2023 theme was "1920s meets Japanese chic" — full of good music, tarot card readings, a live Butoh performance, and more. Coding & snuggles Sometimes, the best way to ship a PR is with a puppy by your side. We are a dog friendly office. Board games, or art and craft We love a good board game session — from Catan to Dune to Dungeons & Dragons. Playing sports We love playing sports together, from our Clay soccer and running team to playing ping pong, pool and tennis. Hiking the Catskills At our team retreat in August, we hiked in beautiful upstate NY and even caught a sunrise together. Interview guides What to expect in the interview process We’d love to get to know you better and for you to learn about us too! Here’s what you can typically expect from an interview loop. Depending on the role, the number of interviews and their order may vary, so some positions might have more or fewer interviews than others. 1 Intro call In this initial chat with a recruiter or hiring manager, we’ll share details about the role and the team. We’ll also dive into your experience and discuss what you’re looking for in your next opportunity! 2 Practical exercise or follow up call This step is all about helping us get to know you even better and giving you insight into what the role is really like. We’ll tailor this part of the interview to focus on the specific skills that matter most for the position. 3 Onsite interview You’ll participate in 3-5 interviews with the team you’d be joining, along with a few cross-functional partners. These interviews will mix behavioral and technical questions. Don’t worry—we’ll walk you through what to expect in advance so you can feel fully prepared and confident for these conversations! 4 Founders interview In this last step, you'll have the chance to meet our co-founders and learn more about the company’s vision and values. This is a great opportunity to discuss how you can contribute to the broader organization and to ask any final questions you may have about our culture and direction. 5 Reference checks Once we’ve wrapped up the final interview, you’ll provide us with your references so we can gather feedback about your past experiences and contributions. We’re excited to learn more about how we can support your growth within our organization. Ready to apply? You’ll participate in 3-5 interviews with the team you’d be joining, along with a few cross-functional partners. See jobs openings Join our Clay crew We're a kind, creative, and close-knit team. We have quiet egos, growth mindsets, and love tackling interesting problems together. See open jobs Go to market with unique data—and the ability to act on it Start building for free Product Login Sculptor Sequencer Audiences Signals Integrations Multi-provider data enrichment AI formula generator AI Research agent Pricing Changelog Customers OpenAI Vanta Verkada Sendoso Anthropic Coverflex Rippling Customer stories Customers OpenAI Vanta Verkada Sendoso Anthropic Coverflex Tools Email finder Headcount finder Credits calculator Chrome extension Lookup WHOIS info CPM calculator Margin calculator Headcount directory Glossary Dossier Job board Blog Why we built the first GTM engineering team AI for sales prospecting Why good CRM data matters Google maps lead generation in 5 easy steps Outbound sales automation Scraping data from Websites Resources Get started lesson University Claybooks Templates Partner programs Join Slack Community FAQ Company Wall of love About Careers Jobs Integrate with Clay Status Legal Privacy policy Terms of service Do not sell my data Legal Privacy policy Terms of service Do not sell my data © Clay 2025 – Born in Brooklyn. Claymation illustrations by the wonderful Hudson Christie .