Docs | Notion Docs The next gen of notes & docs Simple. Powerful. Beautiful. Communicate more efficiently with Notion's flexible building blocks. Get Notion free Request a demo → Meeting Notes Connect people & projects with updates & action items. Duplicate Template → Duplicate Template → Design System All your company's design assets in one place. Duplicate Template → Duplicate Template → Project requirements A customizable PRD that fits any type of project. Duplicate Template → Duplicate Template → Pitch deck Tell your company's story in a dynamic way. Duplicate Template → Duplicate Template → AI meeting notes AI meeting notes AI meeting notes AI meeting notes Go way beyond text & bullet points Code snippets Native syntax highlighting for dozens of languages. Toggles Collapsible sections make your docs easy to read. Images & videos Embed directly from Loom & YouTube, or upload your own. Table of contents Click to jump to a section. Updates automatically. Charts Add live charts to any doc. And 50+ more content types Like a bottomless box of building blocks. Store docs where people can easily find them Every team’s files, at a glance Notion’s sidebar keeps your workspace organized no matter how fast you grow. Not only do our streamlined workflows in Notion save us time, they also make it easier to stay up to date on task details and progress. Taku Wakasugi Toyota Frontier Research Center, Toyota Get your team on the same page, literally Collaborate or co-edit together Allow others to comment or suggest edits. Just type the @ key to get their attention. Comments keep the ball rolling async A consolidated view of feedback makes it easy to iterate, even across time zones. We can quickly build out a meeting agenda for a large group of people and still make it interactive and fun. Scott Stephens Design Operations Manager, Kin + Carta For PMs, designers, engineers, and everyone in between Product managers Connect the roadmap to goals, and keep folks aligned on what’s shipping and when. See how PMs use Notion -> Designers Move review rounds forward, prioritize requests, and hit all your creative deadlines. See how designers use Notion -> Engineers Ship features faster with sprints, code guidelines, bug fixes & more, all in one place. See how engineers use Notion -> Wikis and Projects included, for the same price Wikis It's hard to move fast with a clunky & disorganized workspace. Centralize all your knowledge in Notion instead. Projects Manage any type of project, no matter the team or size. Info from Figma, GitHub & more. Easy to share, easy to see. See all integrations Figma Always share the most updated designs with your team. Try now → Amplitude Track release metrics, experiment results, and more. Try now → Github Bring pull requests, issues, and even repos directly into Notion. Try now → Slack Simply paste a link to see the full message without switching tools. Try now → Jira See bug updates, or convert an entire project into a database. Try now → Browse all integrations Go to the gallery → Choose a template to get started Explore templates Mixpanel’s daily standup & tasks Try template → Notion's product requirement doc Try template → Netflix's branding framework Try template → Write your next doc in Notion Play around with it first. Pay and add your team later. Get Notion free Request a demo →