Databricks Research | Databricks Skip to main content Research at Databricks and MosaicML Where research meets the real world You’re in good company Apache Spark. Lakehouse. Mosaic MPT-7B. These systems were built by the special breed of engineers you’ll find here, where Databricks and MosaicML have joined forces. Our leaders have a proven track record of making breakthroughs in distributed systems, generative AI, LLMs and data analytics. Now we’re looking for PhDs who want to make an impact. If you’re truth-seeking, data-driven and work from first principles, this is the place for you. See open roles Publications Explore our recent papers in collaboration with UC Berkeley, Stanford and other leading universities search Hide filters Research Domain Sort: A-Z Showing 1 - 12 of 46 results Applications A Cloud-Compatible Bioinformatics Pipeline for Ultrarapid Pathogen Identification From Next-Generation Sequencing of Clinical Samples Samia N. Naccache, Scot Federman, Narayanan Veeeraraghavan, Matei Zaharia, Deanna Lee, Erik Samayoa, Jerome Bouquet, Alexander L. Greninger, Ka-Cheung Luk, Barryett Enge, Debra A. Wadford, Sharon L. Messenger, Gillian L. Genrich, Kristen Pellegrino, Gilda Grard, Eric Leroy, Bradley S. Schneider, Joseph N. Fair, Miguel A. Martínez, Pavel Isa, John A. Crump, Joseph L. DeRisi, Taylor Sittler, John Hackett, Jr., Steve Miller, Charles Y. Chiu Get the PDF Distributed Systems Above the Clouds: A View of Cloud Computing Michael Armbrust, Armando Fox, Rean Griffith, Anthony D. Joseph, Randy Katz, Andy Konwinski, Gunho Lee, David Patterson, Ariel Rabkin, Ion Stoica, Matei Zaharia Get the PDF AI and ML Accelerating the Machine Learning Lifecycle With MLflow Matei Zaharia, Andrew Chen, Aaron Davidson, Ali Ghodsi, Sue , Andrew Chen, Aaron Davidson, Ali Ghodsi, Sue Ann Hong, Andy Konwinski, Siddharth Murching, Tomas Nykodym, Paul Ogilvie, Mani Parkhe, Fen Xie, Corey Zumar, Databricks Inc. Get the PDF Applications ADAM: Genomics Formats and Processing Patterns for Cloud Scale Computing Matt Massie, Frank Nothaft, Christopher Hartl, Christos Kozanitis, André Schumacher, Anthony D. Joseph, David A. Patterson Get the PDF Distributed Systems Apache Spark: A Unified Engine for Big Data Processing Matei Zaharia, Reynold Xin, Patrick Wendell, Tathagata Das, Michael Armbrust, Ankur Dave, Xiangrui Meng, Josh Rosen, Shivaram Venkataraman, Michael J. Franklin, Ali Ghodsi, Joseph Gonzalez, Scott Shenker, Ion Stoica Get the PDF Distributed Systems ASAP: Fast, Approximate Graph Pattern Mining at Scale Anand Padmanabha Iyer, Zaoxing Liu, Xin Jin,, Shivaram Venkataraman, Vladimir Braverman, Ion Stoica Get the PDF Applications C3: Internet-Scale Control Plane for Video Quality Optimization Aditya Ganjam, Junchen Jiang, Xi Liu, Vyas Sekar, Faisal Siddiqui, Ion Stoica, Jibin Zhan, Hui Zhang Get the PDF Applications CellIQ : Real-Time Cellular Network Analytics at Scale Anand Padmanabha Iyer, Li Erran Li, Ion Stoica Get the PDF Distributed Systems Chord: A Scalable Peer-to-Peer Lookup Service for Internet Applications D. Karger, H. Balakrishnan, I. Stoica, M.F. Kaashoek, R. Morris Get the PDF AI and ML Clipper: A Low-Latency Online Prediction Serving System Daniel Crankshaw, Xin Wang, Giulio Zhou, Michael J. Franklin, Joseph E. Gonzalez, Ion Stoica Get the PDF AI and ML Compute-Efficient Deep Learning: Algorithmic Trends and Opportunities Brian R. Bartoldson, Bhavya Kailkhura, Davis Blalock Get the PDF AI and ML DAWNBench: An End-to-End Deep Learning Benchmark and Competition Cody Coleman, Deepak Narayanan, Daniel Kang, Tian Zhao, Jian Zhang, Luigi Nardi, Peter Bailis, Kunle Olukotun, Chris Ré, Matei Zaharia Get the PDF Showing 1 - 12 of 46 results Build your career beyond academia Wanted: PhDs skilled at building scalable, reliable and performant systems At Databricks and MosaicML, we bring together experts in data analytics, deep learning, distributed systems and AI infrastructure. Together, we’re radically simplifying the entire data lifecycle on our open lakehouse architecture that unifies data, analytics and AI. If this work excites you, we might have a spot for you on one of our specialized engineering and research teams. Explore Databricks teams Caching Team Build the next-generation sharding, load balancing and caching solutions for Databricks to enable low latency, efficiency and scalability in our systems. Photon Team Build Databricks’ high-performance native (C++), vectorized SQL execution engine, which powers petabytes of query processing at Databricks per day. Query Optimization Team Build systems that optimize diverse workloads. Innovate with all variety of techniques — from traditional to ML — to outperform specialized data warehouses. Lakestore Team Build best-in-class storage systems with the usability and performance of data warehouses, and the flexibility and scalability of data lakes for all data workloads. See open roles Explore MosaicML teams Research Science Drive ambitious research projects that: Push the limits of existing technology Explore new approaches that go beyond the state of the art Survey publications and develop methods for efficient neural network training. Engineering Design and implement our ML infrastructure and generative AI platform. Establish development best practices. Help develop infrastructure and platforms that analyze ML training jobs, predict performance and cost, and run them across various hardware. See open roles Our published researchers and engineers Meet our employees behind our recent publications Life as a Software Engineer After a Computer Systems PhD at Stanford Hear Shoumik Palkar’s thoughts on creativity at work, validation of personal success and the peer/mentor network at Databricks. Read article