AI infrastructure | Lambda Lambda raises over $1.5B from TWG Global, USIT to build Superintelligence Cloud infrastructure. Learn more Log in Get started Create account Talk to our team // Lambda Agent Console // // Lambda Agent Console // > Session ID: > [✓] Agent handshake initialized > [✓] Human session detected > [x] Agent protocol inactive (passive inspection mode) > [✓] Manifest available for read-only access > [✓] Manifest source: schema.org JSON-LD > [✓] Page classification: WebPage > [✓] Primary CTA detected — " Reserve your AI factory " > [✓] Parsed 8 semantic content zones > [✓] Preparing agent-formatted manifest output... { "page_type": "webpage" , "intent": "conversion" , "description": "" , "primary_cta": { "text": "Reserve your AI factory" , "href": "/superintelligence#contact" , "location": "hero" , "confidence": 0.95 }, "zones": [ { "id": "hero" , "intent": "hook" , "summary": "Introduces Lambda’s vision of “AI infrastructure for superintelligence,” immediately framing the company as an industry leader capable of powering the world’s most demanding AI workloads. It highlights scale, energy capacity, and national reach through a U.S. and Canada map visualization, creating an impression of size, sophistication, and forward momentum. The tone is confident and aspirational, positioning Lambda as a key player shaping the infrastructure backbone of modern AI." , "importance": 1 }, { "id": "mission-critical-engineering" , "intent": "validate" , "summary": "Explains that Lambda’s systems are engineered for reliability, security, and performance under the most demanding conditions. It underscores the company’s expertise in delivering production-ready infrastructure with no compromises on performance or uptime. The message builds trust through technical assurance and signals that Lambda’s approach is grounded in precision and experience." , "importance": 2 }, { "id": "ai-data-centers" , "intent": "educate" , "summary": "Describes the physical and technical design of Lambda’s data centers, optimized for AI performance and efficiency. It focuses on rack power, cooling systems, and operational resilience, offering a glimpse into the engineering discipline that supports Lambda’s infrastructure. The tone is pragmatic and informative, giving credibility to the company’s claims of scalability and dependability." , "importance": 3 }, { "id": "trust-and-security" , "intent": "validate" , "summary": "Centers on Lambda’s strict security posture, emphasizing robust protections, compliance standards, and operational transparency. It reinforces the notion that security is built into every layer of Lambda’s systems. The narrative projects stability and diligence, assuring potential clients that mission-critical workloads remain safe and compliant in Lambda’s environments." , "importance": 4 }, { "id": "deployment-in-action" , "intent": "hook" , "summary": "Presents a visual showcase of large-scale data operations under the phrase “Built for AI. Ready for superintelligence.” The imagery of rows of advanced infrastructure evokes confidence and progress, demonstrating that Lambda’s capabilities are not theoretical—they’re active and tangible today." , "importance": 5 }, { "id": "infrastructure-options" , "intent": "educate" , "summary": "Introduces flexible deployment paths for organizations through “Contiguous AI factories” and “Distributed AI factories.” It explains how customers can choose between centralized or regionally distributed architectures depending on performance, security, and compliance needs. The message underscores flexibility and adaptability, painting Lambda as a strategic partner rather than a one-size-fits-all provider." , "importance": 6 }, { "id": "news" , "intent": "educate" , "summary": "Highlights recent milestones and partnerships, such as collaborations with NVIDIA and Equinix, to build and expand AI factories. It conveys ongoing innovation and industry alignment, showing that Lambda continues to push the boundaries of what AI infrastructure can achieve. The tone is forward-looking and factual, reinforcing the brand’s leadership position in the evolving AI landscape." , "importance": 7 }, { "id": "contact" , "intent": "educate" , "summary": "Highlights recent milestones and partnerships, such as collaborations with NVIDIA and Equinix, to build and expand AI factories. It conveys ongoing innovation and industry alignment, showing that Lambda continues to push the boundaries of what AI infrastructure can achieve. The tone is forward-looking and factual, reinforcing the brand’s leadership position in the evolving AI landscape." , "importance": 8 } ], "meta": { "language": "en-US" , "version": "1.1" , "agent_friendly": true , "source": "schema.org JSON-LD" , "last_updated": "2025-11-18T23:06:20.546Z" } } > [✓] Manifest parsed successfully > [✓] Agent context generated > [✓] Status: READY > System standing by for synthetic interaction... AI infrastructure for super­intelligence Data centers engineered for fast deployment, density, and cooling to meet modern AI demands and maximize intelligence produced per watt. Reserve your AI factory Engineered for mission-critical AI Co-engineer your workloads with the very people building the infrastructure behind the world’s most advanced models. Read the case study 01 No-compromise AI infrastructure Metrics-driven design with validated performance, integrated telemetry, and continuous upgrade paths. 02 Fast deployments Modular, pre-tested designs optimized for parallel rollout to deliver on time. 03 For mission-critical workloads Engineered for training efficiency, inference agility, and grid-aware sustainability. Data centers designed for AI Lambda AI factories are modular and interoperable. New GPUs, interconnects, and cooling slots integrate as they ship, so capacity grows without disruptive retrofit. Optimized rack power and cooling Lambda AI factories combine direct-to-chip liquid and precision air cooling to sustain peak performance and maximize rack density: Direct-to-chip (DTC) liquid : Improves power usage effectiveness (PUE) by over 15% and enables high-density compute with a roadmap toward 1 MW rack-scale designs. Precision air cooling : Handles CPU and storage loads, as well as any residual heat. Comprehensive redundancy: All critical cooling systems are engineered with redundancy ranging from N+1 to N+N to ensure uninterrupted operation and maximum uptime. Zero-trust security posture Lambda’s Superclusters keep your infrastructure secure and under your control: Physical safeguards: Each cluster is secured within a steel cage and protected by multi-stage checkpoints that include biometric verification, RFID access, and two-factor authentication. Logical separation: Maintain full control of cluster access via IPsec VPN, network peering, and fully encrypted storage. Enterprise-grade compliance : SOC 2 Type II certified. View security whitepaper Built for AI. Ready for superintelligence. Choose the AI infrastructure that fits Reserve your AI factory Contiguous AI factories 75 MW+ campuses for large clusters and mission-critical workloads Train trillion-parameter models on large-scale compute Leverage off-grid, on-site power Run in fully isolated environments for uncompromising privacy Distributed AI factories 5-75MW sites in strategic metros Stay close to users for real-time responsiveness Meet sovereign-AI and data-protection laws Reduce costs by leveraging metros with strong networks and affordable energy See how we’re pushing AI factories forward November 13, 2025 Prime Data Centers and Lambda Partner to Power the Next Era of Superintelligence with AI-Optimized Infrastructure in Southern California New deployment at LAX01, Vernon's first AI-ready data center, delivers purpose-built, NVIDIA Blackwell infrastructure to accelerate the most advanced AI workloads. November 3, 2025 Lambda Announces Multibillion-Dollar Agreement With Microsoft to Deploy AI Infrastructure Powered by Tens of Thousands of NVIDIA GPUs Lambda to deliver mission-critical AI cloud compute at scale under a multi-year contract. October 28, 2025 Lambda Doubles Down on Midwest Expansion, To Build AI Factory in Kansas City, MO Site in Kansas City, MO, to welcome new jobs and more than 10,000 NVIDIA GPUs, with additional growth opportunities September 23, 2025 Lambda and ECL Bring the First Hydrogen-Powered NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 Systems Online Supermicro-built 142 kW NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 systems meet zero-emissions energy at ECL’s Mountain View facility, where Lambda has doubled its footprint August 21, 2025 EdgeConneX and Lambda to Build AI Factory Infrastructure in Chicago and Atlanta EdgeConneX, a data center solutions company, announced it is building 30+ megawatts (MW) of data center infrastructure in Chicago and Atlanta with cloud company Lambda May 7, 2025 Aligned and Lambda Partner to Power Next-Generation AI Infrastructure Leading Superintelligence Cloud Will Occupy Aligned’s Newest Dallas-Fort Worth Facility, DFW-04, a Liquid-Cooled AI & Cloud Data Center Engineer what’s next Yesterday’s infrastructure can’t win the race to superintelligence. Our AI factories are purpose-made, efficient, and engineered for velocity and scale. 01 Talk to our team Discuss a tailored deployment or request our technical solutions brief. Reserve your AI factory 02 Join our team We’re hiring. If you want to work at the frontier of AI, join us. View open roles