Resources | Sierra Skip to main content Resources 48m28s No Priors: with Bret Taylor Bret Taylor, co-founder and CEO of Sierra discusses building company-branded AI agents with unique personalities, goals, and guardrails and their potential to revolutionize customer support. September 19, 2024 𝜏-bench: benchmarking AI agents for the real-world Sierra’s AI research team is on a mission to advance the frontier of conversational AI agents. In this research paper, we present a new benchmark for evaluating AI agents' performance and reliability in real-world settings, with dynamic user and tool interaction. June 17, 2024 1h12m Training Data: with Clay Bavor Sierra is enabling companies to deploy AI agents that can handle complex customer interactions at scale. In this episode, Sierra's co-founder, Clay Bavor, describes how companies can create AI agents that represent the business. August 27, 2024 2m26s Our customers: AG1 We sat down with Leala Francis, AG1’s SVP Customer Insight and Member Experience, to hear how their AI agent, powered by Sierra, brings AG1’s mission to empower people to take ownership of their health to life. December 6, 2024 5m40s Sierra product demo In this brief demo, you'll see a Sierra AI agent in action, helping with a wide variety of use cases at every stage of the customer journey—from order tracking, to product recommendations and purchases, to subscription management, and more. October 10, 2024 5m11s AI agents 101 Learn more about AI agents—what makes them different from LLMs, which types exist in our personal and professional lives, and considerations when building one. December 6, 2024 5m52s Sierra explained: with Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor Learn more about Sierra's mission, platform, and customers from Sierra's co-founders, Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor. December 6, 2024 2m12s Introduction to Sierra Meet Sierra, the conversational AI platform that’s changing the way businesses interact with customers. December 5, 2024 50m46s Washington Post: The Futurist Sierra co-founder Bret Taylor joins Washington Post Live to discuss how businesses could benefit from AI and manage the risks around the technology June 25, 2024 Squawk Pod: with Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor Companies like SiriusXM and Sonos are using AI Agents to make customer service experiences “delightful,” thanks to new conversational AI technology from Sierra. The company’s co-founders Bret Taylor and Clay Bavor discuss the new technology and the competitive AI landscape October 11, 2024 1h28m Invest Like the Best: with Bret Taylor Sierra co-founder, Bret Taylor, joins "Invest like the Best" to discuss a strategic approach to AI integration, the different categories of agents and their scopes, and the essentials of craftsmanship. September 3, 2024 See what Sierra can do for you Find out how Sierra can help your business build better, more human customer experiences with AI. Learn more