Press Kit | Harvey :Harvey: Login Request a Demo Platform Assistant Ask questions, analyze documents, and draft faster with domain-specific AI. Vault Securely store, organize, and bulk-analyze legal documents. Knowledge Research complex legal, regulatory, and tax questions across domains. Workflows Run pre-built workflows or build your own, tailored to your firm’s needs. Microsoft Integrations Legal intelligence for contract review, drafting, emails, and documents in Word, Outlook, and SharePoint. Introducing Workflow Builder Design and deploy customizable workflows designed to capture your firm’s differentiators and deliver high-quality legal work. Solutions Innovation Scale expertise and impact to drive firmwide transformation. In-House Streamline work and shift focus to strategy and speed. Transactional Accelerate due diligence, contract analysis, and review with precision and control. Litigation Reduce manual effort, prioritize strategy, and drive stronger outcomes in litigation. Macfarlanes | Harvey How Macfarlanes partners with Harvey. Customers Security Resources Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. Videos The latest solutions videos, expert insights, and product updates from the Harvey team. Press Kit Resources for maintaining a uniform and professional presentation of the Harvey brand. Work Without Boundaries: The AI Platform for Legal Work Harvey now works where you work — across your tools, devices, organizations, and throughout your matters. It's AI that matches the reality of how legal professionals actually practice. About Company About Harvey, our leadership, and career opportunities. Newsroom Press releases and partnership announcements. Harvey's Momentum in Q3 In Q3, we celebrated major customer wins, introduced product breakthroughs, and expanded our global presence. Most importantly, we continued to deepen our commitment to building the best AI solutions for our customers. Request a Demo Login US EU AU Press Kit :Harvey: Brand Guidelines Resources for maintaining a uniform and professional presentation of the Harvey brand. For inquiries, contact press@harvey.ai . Download Brand Assets About Harvey Harvey is domain-specific AI for legal and professional services. Our products streamline workflows in areas including contract analysis, due diligence, compliance, and litigation to drive efficiency and value. Global law firms and Fortune 500 enterprises around the world use Harvey to enable faster, smarter decision-making. Backed by world-class investors including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, GV, OpenAI Startup Fund, and Coatue, Harvey is used by 700+ customers in 58+ countries. What Harvey Does Harvey’s AI platform for legal includes the following tools: Assistant — Draft, strategize, and synthesize across vast datasets. Vault — Collaborate on large-scale projects with secure document storage. Knowledge — Leverage public and proprietary databases of legal, tax, and business knowledge. Workflows — Work with AI systems specifically designed to solve complex, recurring legal tasks. How Harvey Works Harvey uses domain expertise to convert professional processes into high-quality AI agents that produce expert-quality work product: Each user request is routed to a cascading series of LLMs tuned for legal synthesis, RAG systems that incorporate public or user-provided data, and powerful reasoning models like o1 that help orchestrate the work end to end. Harvey partners with the leading foundational model and cloud providers to serve secure and reliable infrastructure for all users and their data. Logotype The Harvey logotype is the preferred visual identifier for all partnership announcements, press materials and media references. Download Logotype Logomark The Harvey logomark is reserved for instances where space constraints necessitate a more compact visual identifier, serving as an alternative to the full logotype. Download Logomark