Customer stories | Mistral AI Bringing customers to the frontier. From startups to institutions, across tech, finance, healthcare, and more, our customers set the benchmark for AI-powered business outcomes. SAP continues to expand its partnership with Mistral AI to broaden customer choice. Learn more By Industry All Showing 34 of 34 Ardian leverages Mistral AI to support due diligence and deal analysis workflows. AXA revolutionizes the future of insurance with AI. Belfius enhances customer experience with multilingual AI-powered chatbot. BigDataCorp unlocks advanced AI-driven insights with Mistral AI on AWS Bedrock. BNP Paribas leverages Mistral AI for their business. Capgemini accelerates software engineering delivery with Mistral AI-powered coding assistant. Cisco transforms customer experience with Mistral AI. CMA CGM empowers its workforce with Mistral AI. Fastweb pioneers Italian language AI innovation with Mistral AI on Amazon SageMaker HyperPod. France Travail empowers job seekers with AI. Front revolutionizes customer support with Mistral AI-powered email thread summarization. The French Ministry of Defense and Mistral AI partner to advance defense research with cutting-edge AI technology. The French Ministry of Digital Transition seeks to improve civil servants' productivity with le Chat. Gojob revolutionizes recruitment with Mistral AI-powered conversational assistant. Government of Luxembourg advances technological innovation with Mistral AI partnership. Helsing partners with Mistral AI to advance European defence with AI. IBM enhances AI capabilities with Mistral Large 2 on IBM watsonx™. Mars delivers better animal health outcomes. Ministry of High-Tech Industry of Armenia partners with Mistral AI to transform government services. Mirakl revolutionizes catalog management with Mistral AI. Orange creates personalized marketing messages with Mistral AI. Pierre Fabre streamlines operations with Mistral AI. Pretto improves their customer experience with Mistral AI. Qonto elevates customer support and fraud detection with Mistral AI. SAP continues to expand its partnership with Mistral AI to broaden customer choice. The Singapore's Ministry of Defence and Mistral AI partner to advance decision support capabilities. SNCF Group advances operational efficiency with strategic Mistral AI partnership. Snowflake empowers AI data cloud users with Mistral AI-enhanced Cortex Analyst. Stellantis enhances automotive operations with Mistral AI. Superinsight delivers cutting-edge AI capabilities to clients with Mistral AI on AWS Bedrock. Synapse Medicine transforms healthcare with AI-powered medical recommendations. TotalEnergies accelerates energy transition with Mistral AI collaboration. University of Groningen enhances academic and operational efficiency with Mistral AI. Veolia transforms resource management with Mistral AI. The next chapter of AI is yours. Try Le Chat Build on AI Studio Talk to an expert