Research - Mercor APEX Research Careers Blog Log in APEX Research Careers Blog Mercor powers AI advancement through human expertise and frontier data Partners with the top 5 AI labs and 6 of the Magnificent 7 to accelerate model capabilities. Learn about APEX Power-law experts generate power-law returns in data Elite talent marketplace 1M+ Experts 500k+ Interviews 75+ Expert NPS Dual engagement model Mercor is the only vendor to combine elite human talent, frontier data research, and fully managed projects. Dual engagement model Mercor is the only vendor to combine elite human talent, frontier data research, and fully managed projects. Market leader in rubrics Mercor has developed deep expertise in rubrics and RL environments. We have partnered with leading frontier labs to refine operational processes and evaluation science. Mercor Applied Research We specialize in advanced evaluation design and frontier data systems. We work with partners to create assessment based rubrics, RL environments and pioneer new data formats to power model breakthroughs. APEX Introducing APEX → Bridging the gap between AI evaluation and economic value RL The Economy will become an RL environment → The market for humans teaching models is based on the amount of tasks humans can do which agents can't do. Evals Welcome to the Era of Evals → The primary barrier to applying agents to the entire economy is building evals for everything. RL Environments Rubrics Mercor is a pioneer in rubric science. We handle all modalities - text, image, audio, video, code. Our experts are available in every domain and language. RL Environments We view RL environments in 3 parts: Building realistic rich worlds. Implementing the apps the agents need access to. Creating realistic challenging tasks Mercor San Francisco, CA © 2025 Mercor Mercor San Francisco, CA © 2025 Mercor For companies Get in touch For candidates Apply Opportunities Payment Human data Guide Process Data pipelines Incentives For candidates Apply Opportunities Payment Support [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] Resources Careers Blog Resources Careers Blog