Careers | Decagon 🎤 Watch the full replay of Decagon Dialogues 2025. Learn more Product Product overview Channels Voice Human-like conversation Chat Safe, on-brand replies Email Contextual resolutions Build AOPs Workflows for AI agents Integrations Support tool connectors Optimize Experiments Live A/B testing Testing & QA Simulations at scale Scale Insights & Reporting Voice of the Customer Watchtower Always-on QA Suggestions AI-powered knowledge Agent assist Full context handoffs Industries Retail Travel & hospitality Technology Financial services Health & wellness Media Telecommunications Customers Resources Learn Blog Decagon University Glossary AI and the next generation of customer experience Why exceptional service is the new brand differentiator as AI reshapes consumer expectations. Company About Careers Sign in Sign in Get a demo Sign in Get a demo Careers Redefine customer experience with us. Want to build the future of conversational AI agents? Join us! Open positions Who we are Exploring, building, and pushing boundaries. We’re a team of curious and creative thinkers and doers pioneering the future of AI agents for customer experience. The opportunity in front of our customers is enormous— and we’re here to help them capture it. We’re always in search of the best talent because we know that incredible outcomes happen when smart, well-intentioned people set their minds on achieving big things. 01 Customers are everything 02 Relentless momentum 03 Winner’s mindset 04 Stronger together Our values We do what gives our customers the most value. We obsess over their problems, anticipate their needs, and build with empathy, urgency, and accountability. Our customers’ success is our success. Our values We move with intensity because speed compounds. We push to get it done today, learn fast, and evolve faster. Progress is our default setting— the future won’t wait. Our values We play to win, and we don’t make excuses when we don't. We take ownership, follow through, and continuously improve. We dream big and turn ambition into achievement. Our values We achieve velocity and quality through intentional collaboration, generous feedback, and mutual respect. We check egos at the door and win as one team. Benefits Great work deserves great benefits. Healthcare We cover medical, dental, and vision, including 100% dependent coverage. Competitive compensation We hire the best and treat them accordingly. Proximity stipend We give an extra monthly stipend to offset housing costs near the office. 401k We make it easy to save for the future. FSA Set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for eligible healthcare expenses. Commuter benefits Use pre-tax dollars to pay for eligible commuting costs like public transportation and parking. Flexible PTO We have a “take what you need” vacation policy and a company-wide winter break shutdown. Company events We work hard and celebrate our wins. Free meals We provide daily lunches, dinner, and snacks to keep you at your best. Open positions We’re hiring All office locations This is some text inside of a div block. Industry leaders choose Decagon to transform customer experience. AI agents for concierge customer experience Get a demo Product Overview AOPs Chat Email Voice Integrations Experiments Agent Assist Insights & Reporting Testing & QA Watchtower Suggestions Trust Center Industries Retail Travel & Hospitality Technology Financial Services Health & Wellness Media Telecommunication Resources Customers Blog Glossary Company About Careers Privacy Policy Security Contact Sales Contact Support © 0000 Decagon. All rights reserved.