Fireworks AI Fireworks RFT now available! Fine-tune open models that outperform frontier models. Try today Log In Get Started Customer Stories Contact Sales Cursor builds lightning fast code edits with Fireworks Cursor’s Fast Apply feature lets developers instantly accept high-quality code suggestions with a single click. Powered by Fireworks’ speculative decoding, it delivers faster, more accurate edits—outperforming GPT-4 in both speed and usability. Read Case Study Upwork delivers faster, smarter proposals for freelancers Upwork, the world’s largest freelance marketplace, built Uma to help freelancers craft better proposals faster. With Fireworks, Uma delivers real-time, personalized proposal generation—tailored to each freelancer’s skills and the job at hand—boosting match quality, efficiency, and success rates across the platform. Read Case Study Notion Reduces Latency 4x with Fireworks AI Notion, the all-in-one workspace platform, partnered with Fireworks AI to fine-tune models, reducing latency from 2 seconds to 350 milliseconds. This enhancement enabled Notion to deliver faster, scalable AI features, supporting over 100 million users and aligning with their "vibe working" vision Read Case Study How Cresta delivered 100× more efficient agent guidance Cresta, the AI platform for contact centers, uses Fireworks to power Knowledge Assist—real-time, context-aware guidance for agents by unifying information from multiple sources. With Fireworks’ scalable infrastructure and Multi-LoRA tech, Cresta cut costs by up to 100× versus GPT-4—boosting agent efficiency and customer satisfaction at scale. Read Case Study More Customer Stories 40X Faster, and Smarter Outputs: How Vercel Turbocharged their Code Fixing Model with Open Models, Speculative Decoding and Reinforcement Fine Tuning on Fireworks Product 11/3/2025 Genspark’s Deep Research Agent Outperforms a Frontier Closed Model in Quality and Tool Calls using Fireworks RFT, Achieving a 50% Cost Reduction 10/31/2025 Modernizing Healthcare with AI: How RADPAIR and Fireworks Unlock Smarter Radiology Workflows 11/9/2025 Sentient & Fireworks Powers Decentralized AI At Viral Scale 7/11/2025 Real-time, performant code assistance: How Sourcegraph scaled with Fireworks AI 1/22/2025 Global Fast Food Group Transforms Drive-Thru with Real-Time Voice Intelligence with Fireworks 6/17/2025 What our customers are saying "By partnering with Fireworks to fine-tune models, we reduced latency from about 2 seconds to 350 milliseconds, significantly improving performance and enabling us to launch AI features at scale. That improvement is a game changer for delivering reliable, enterprise-scale AI" Sarah Sachs | AI Lead at Notion "Fireworks enabled us to own our AI journey, and unlock better quality in just four weeks. This resulted in a better user experience for our customers." Kay Zhu | CTO at Genspark “Fireworks has been an amazing partner getting our Fast Apply and Copilot++ models running performantly. They exceeded other competitors we reviewed on performance. After testing their quantized model quality for our use cases, we have found minimal degradation. Fireworks helps implement task specific speed ups and new architectures, allowing us to achieve bleeding edge performance!” Sualeh Asif | CPO at Cursor "We've had a really great experience working with Fireworks to host open source models, including SDXL, Llama, and Mistral. After migrating one of our models, we noticed a 3x speedup in response time, which made our app feel much more responsive and boosted our engagement metrics." Spencer Chan | Product Lead at Quora "Fireworks has been a fantastic partner in building AI dev tools at Sourcegraph. Their fast, reliable model inference lets us focus on fine-tuning, AI-powered code search, and deep code context, making Cody the best AI coding assistant. They are responsive and ship at an amazing pace." Beyang Liu | CTO at Sourcegraph "By partnering with Fireworks to fine-tune models, we reduced latency from about 2 seconds to 350 milliseconds, significantly improving performance and enabling us to launch AI features at scale. That improvement is a game changer for delivering reliable, enterprise-scale AI" Sarah Sachs | AI Lead at Notion "Fireworks enabled us to own our AI journey, and unlock better quality in just four weeks. This resulted in a better user experience for our customers." Kay Zhu | CTO at Genspark “Fireworks has been an amazing partner getting our Fast Apply and Copilot++ models running performantly. They exceeded other competitors we reviewed on performance. After testing their quantized model quality for our use cases, we have found minimal degradation. Fireworks helps implement task specific speed ups and new architectures, allowing us to achieve bleeding edge performance!” Sualeh Asif | CPO at Cursor "We've had a really great experience working with Fireworks to host open source models, including SDXL, Llama, and Mistral. After migrating one of our models, we noticed a 3x speedup in response time, which made our app feel much more responsive and boosted our engagement metrics." Spencer Chan | Product Lead at Quora