Blog :Harvey: Platform Solutions Customers Security Resources About Login Request a Demo Platform Assistant Ask questions, analyze documents, and draft faster with domain-specific AI. Vault Securely store, organize, and bulk-analyze legal documents. Knowledge Research complex legal, regulatory, and tax questions across domains. Workflows Run pre-built workflows or build your own, tailored to your firm’s needs. Microsoft Integrations Legal intelligence for contract review, drafting, emails, and documents in Word, Outlook, and SharePoint. Introducing Workflow Builder Design and deploy customizable workflows designed to capture your firm’s differentiators and deliver high-quality legal work. Solutions Innovation Scale expertise and impact to drive firmwide transformation. In-House Streamline work and shift focus to strategy and speed. Transactional Accelerate due diligence, contract analysis, and review with precision and control. Litigation Reduce manual effort, prioritize strategy, and drive stronger outcomes in litigation. Macfarlanes | Harvey How Macfarlanes partners with Harvey. Customers Security Resources Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. Videos The latest solutions videos, expert insights, and product updates from the Harvey team. Press Kit Resources for maintaining a uniform and professional presentation of the Harvey brand. Work Without Boundaries: The AI Platform for Legal Work Harvey now works where you work — across your tools, devices, organizations, and throughout your matters. It's AI that matches the reality of how legal professionals actually practice. About Company About Harvey, our leadership, and career opportunities. Newsroom Press releases and partnership announcements. Harvey's Momentum in Q3 In Q3, we celebrated major customer wins, introduced product breakthroughs, and expanded our global presence. Most importantly, we continued to deepen our commitment to building the best AI solutions for our customers. Request a Demo Login US EU AU Blog Product updates, insights, and behind-the-scenes from the Harvey team. All Insights Company Technical Product Announcements October 31, 2025 :Harvey:’s Principles for AI Adoption and Rollout in Law Schools Harvey’s Principles for AI Adoption and Rollout in Law Schools John Haddock November 18, 2025 Gemini 3 Pro Public Preview: Results From Early Access Evaluations Harvey Team November 18, 2025 Harvey’s Improved Word Experience Understands How You Work Harvey Team November 14, 2025 Karen Buzard is Shaping the Future of Law Through Responsible AI Harvey Team November 14, 2025 How We Approach Design at Harvey Shawn Farsai Bjørn Rostad November 13, 2025 GPT-5.1, Now Live in Harvey Harvey Team November 13, 2025 Harvey Expands Law School Program to the United Kingdom Harvey Team November 11, 2025 From Pilot to Proof: How Legal Teams are Driving Real Results With AI Haverly Damon November 7, 2025 Introducing BigLaw Bench: Arena Beth de la Roche November 6, 2025 The Brief: November 2025 Harvey Team November 5, 2025 Harvey In Practice: How to Speed up Diligence Review Harvey Team November 5, 2025 Scale Securely With Finer Admin Controls Harvey Team November 4, 2025 Introducing Harvey's New Reasoning Capabilities Harvey Team November 3, 2025 3 Principles That Helped us Scale Agent Development Multiple Authors October 30, 2025 Al Hounsell on Driving Legal Transformation That Lasts Harvey Team October 29, 2025 Building Harvey’s iManage Integration Multiple Authors October 27, 2025 A Framework for Domain-Specific Evaluations Julio Pereyra October 24, 2025 How Harvey Helps Mid-Sized Law Firms Scale Legal Work Jeffrey Webb October 22, 2025 How Harvey Integrates With Microsoft 365 Applications Harvey Team Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next Unlock Professional Class AI for Your Firm Request a Demo Platform Assistant → Vault → Knowledge → Workflows → Microsoft Integrations → Solutions Innovation → In-House → Transactional → Litigation → About Customers → Security → Company → Newsroom → Careers → Law Schools → Resources Blog → Videos → Legal → Privacy Policy → Press Kit → Copyright © 2025 Counsel AI Corporation. All rights reserved. X LinkedIn YouTube