The Lambda Deep Learning Blog Lambda raises over $1.5B from TWG Global, USIT to build Superintelligence Cloud infrastructure. Learn more Log in Get started Create account Talk to our team The Lambda Deep Learning Blog GENERAL ENGINEERING Recent Published on November 18, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Raises Over $1.5B from TWG Global, USIT to Build Superintelligence Cloud Infrastructure Investment will accelerate Lambda's push to deploy gigawatt-scale AI factories and supercomputers to meet demand from hyperscalers, enterprises, and frontier ... Published on November 13, 2025 by Lambda Prime Data Centers and Lambda Partner to Power the Next Era of Superintelligence with AI-Optimized Infrastructure in Southern California New deployment at LAX01, Vernon's first AI-ready data center, delivers purpose-built, NVIDIA Blackwell infrastructure to accelerate the most advanced AI ... Published on November 12, 2025 by Anket Sah MLPerf Training v5.1: Lambda’s NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 outperforms GB200 by 27% Training large language models (LLMs) takes massive compute power, making it critical for AI teams to understand and optimize performance across their systems. ... Published on November 3, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Announces Multibillion-Dollar Agreement With Microsoft to Deploy AI Infrastructure Powered by Tens of Thousands of NVIDIA GPUs Lambda to deliver mission-critical AI cloud compute at scale under a multi-year contract. Published on October 28, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Doubles Down on Midwest Expansion, To Build AI Factory in Kansas City, MO Site in Kansas City, MO, to welcome new jobs and more than 10,000 NVIDIA GPUs, with additional growth opportunities Published on October 22, 2025 by Khushboo Goel Gigawatt-Scale AI Factories: NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 System on Lambda Cloud The path to superintelligence depends on infrastructure capable of sustaining trillion-parameter models and reasoning workloads at scale. That’s why Lambda is ... Published on October 21, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Appoints Stacey Finerman as VP, Investor Relations Seasoned IR Leader from Zayo Group, Marqeta, and Square Brings Deep Expertise Published on October 9, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Achieves NVIDIA Exemplar Cloud Lambda is one of the first cloud providers to achieve NVIDIA validation for mission-critical AI training workloads at scale Published on September 25, 2025 by Lambda Lambda Appoints Heather Planishek to Board of Directors as Audit Chair Industry veteran brings deep financial and operational expertise from Tines and Palantir Published on September 23, 2025 by Lambda Lambda and ECL Bring the First Hydrogen-Powered NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 Systems Online Supermicro-built 142 kW NVIDIA GB300 NVL72 systems meet zero-emissions energy at ECL’s Mountain View facility, where Lambda has doubled its footprint Published on September 19, 2025 by Jessica Nicholson JAX on GPUs: Implementation Strategies for Enterprise Machine Learning JAX is rapidly emerging as the framework of choice for teams who need both research flexibility and production performance. While PyTorch dominates the ML ... Published on September 9, 2025 by Anket Sah LLM performance up 15.4%: MLPerf v5.1 confirms NVIDIA HGX B200 on Lambda is built for enterprise inference Inference at scale is still too slow. Large models often stall under real-world load, burning time, compute, and user trust. That’s the problem we set out to ... Published on September 9, 2025 by Anket Sah Lambda and Cologix debut NVIDIA HGX B200 AI clusters in Columbus, Ohio AI infrastructure is no longer confined to the coasts. With Lambda’s one-click clusters, Supermicro’s energy-efficient systems, and Cologix’s carrier-dense ... Published on August 25, 2025 by Thomas Bordes Lambda Builds AI Factories with Supermicro NVIDIA HGX B200 Server Clusters to Deliver Production-ready Next-Gen AI Infrastructure at Scale Expanded AI infrastructure with faster results with Supermicro's GPU-optimized servers Large-scale AI Factory for training and inference deployed in record ... Published on August 21, 2025 by Thomas Bordes EdgeConneX and Lambda To Build AI Factory In Chicago With Industry-Leading High-Density Data Center Infrastructure Over 30 Megawatts of AI Enabled Data Center Infrastructure Planned for Chicago and Atlanta 1 2 3 4 5 Ready to build? Contact us to learn more about our Managed Kubernetes service and how it can help you accelerate your AI initiatives. Talk to our team