Research | Cohere Labs Cohere Labs Cohere Labs is Cohere's research lab that seeks to solve complex machine learning problems. We support fundamental research that explores the unknown, and are focused on creating more points of entry into machine learning research Discover the Aya Movement Cohere Labs Cohere Labs is Cohere's research lab that seeks to solve complex machine learning problems. We support fundamental research that explores the unknown, and are focused on creating more points of entry into machine learning research Discover the Aya Movement Fundamental research lab We work at the frontier of AI progress with the goal of solving cutting edge scientific problems. We see contributions to traditional conferences and publications in journals as an important part of our work, but also support efforts that go “beyond the research paper” and encourage scientific communication through different mediums. We drive the creation of new research spaces and breakthroughs that changes where, how and by whom research is done. We believe that technology is powerful, and empowering different perspectives ensures responsible innovation. Open Science Initiative We’re not just another research group. We are a hybrid lab with both a dedicated research staff and support for open science initiatives. We collaborate openly with independent researchers all over the world to conduct top-tier ML research. Our open science research community is a space where researchers, engineers, linguists, social scientists, and lifelong learners connect and collaborate with each other. We come together from over 100 countries around the world and support large and small scale research collaborations. Learn more Our programs Connecting our world world through pushing the frontier of machine learning. Facilitating Impact Catalyst Grants Benefits Catalyst Grants are our commitment to support academic partners, civic institutions and impact focused organizations to drive real-world change through AI and research. These grants provide academic researchers and developers with free access to the Cohere API to support their projects and research into advancing safe, responsible LLM capabilities and applications. learn more Exploring the unknown together Scholars Program About Our Scholars Program provides the opportunity to work alongside some of the best research and engineering experts in the world. We have created an open and supportive environment that provides an alternative point of entry into machine learning research. Learn more ACCELERATING MULTILINGUAL AI THROUGH OPEN SCIENCE Introducing Aya About Aya is a global initiative led by Cohere Labs to advance the state-of-art in multilingual AI and bridge gaps between people and cultures across the world. An open science project to create new models and datasets that expand the number of languages covered by AI, Aya involves over 3,000 independent researchers across 119 countries. Learn more Facilitating Impact Catalyst Grants Benefits Catalyst Grants are our commitment to support academic partners, civic institutions and impact focused organizations to drive real-world change through AI and research. These grants provide academic researchers and developers with free access to the Cohere API to support their projects and research into advancing safe, responsible LLM capabilities and applications. learn more Exploring the unknown together Scholars Program About Our Scholars Program provides the opportunity to work alongside some of the best research and engineering experts in the world. We have created an open and supportive environment that provides an alternative point of entry into machine learning research. Learn more ACCELERATING MULTILINGUAL AI THROUGH OPEN SCIENCE Introducing Aya About Aya is a global initiative led by Cohere Labs to advance the state-of-art in multilingual AI and bridge gaps between people and cultures across the world. An open science project to create new models and datasets that expand the number of languages covered by AI, Aya involves over 3,000 independent researchers across 119 countries. Learn more Our papers The Leaderboard Illusion Chatbot Arena has emerged as the go-to leaderboard for ranking the most capable AI systems. Yet, in this work we identify systematic issues that have resulted in a distorted playing field and propose recommendations to improve the rigour of the leaderboard. Explore the research Findings of the WMT25 Multilingual Instruction Shared Task: Persistent Hurdles in Reasoning, Generation, and Evaluation The WMT25 Multilingual Instruction Shared Task (MIST) introduces a benchmark to evaluate large language models across 30 languages, covering five problem types, and highlights limitations in automatic evaluation while providing a standardized framework for future progress. Keep Reading The Art of Asking: Multilingual Prompt Optimization for Synthetic Data A new lightweight framework for prompt-space optimization improves multilingual performance in large language models by transforming translated prompts for naturalness, cultural adaptation, and difficulty enhancement, achieving substantial downstream improvements over translation-only baselines. Keep Reading EAGER: Entropy-Aware Generation for Adaptive Inference-Time Scaling EAGer, a training-free method, reduces computation and improves performance by branching to multiple reasoning paths only when high-entropy tokens are present, reallocating compute budget to instances needing exploration, achieving up to 65% fewer tokens and 37% improvement in Pass@k. Keep Reading Making, not Taking, the Best of N Fusion-of-N (FusioN) is a new method that uses a general LLM judge to synthesize the most informative elements of each sample into a single final answer. It consistently outperforms Best-of-N (BoN) across 11 languages, 3 diverse tasks and varying model scales. Keep Reading Verification Limits Code LLM Training Synthetic data generation for code models faces a "verification ceiling" due to verifier limitations. Richer test suites, relaxed pass thresholds, and diverse solutions improve performance. Calibrated verification with challenging problem-solution pairs can overcome this ceiling. Keep Reading NeoBabel: A Multilingual Open Tower for Visual Generation NeoBabel is a multilingual image generation framework that supports 6 languages and achieves state-of-the-art performance on multilingual benchmarks while maintaining strong English capability. Keep Reading When Life Gives You Samples: The Benefits of Scaling up Inference Compute for Multilingual LLMs We study robust scaling for open-ended generative tasks in multilingual, multi-task settings. Our findings show that sampling and selection strategies must adapt to diverse domains and languages. We propose novel strategies, yielding notable gains across languages and tasks. Keep Reading Treasure Hunt: Real-time Targeting of the Long Tail using Training-Time Markers This work optimizes training protocols to enhance performance on underrepresented use cases, achieving up to 14.1% relative improvement on tasks like CodeRepair. Keep Reading All Research Papers Our models MODEL WEIGHTS FOR DEMOCRATIZING RESEARCH ACCESS Command A Vision Download the model MODEL WEIGHTS FOR DEMOCRATIZING RESEARCH ACCESS Command A Download the model Multimodal Accessible VLLM Aya Vision - 8B Download the model Multimodal State of the Art VLLM Aya Vision - 32B Download the model State of the Art, Accessible Research LLM Aya Expanse - 8B Download the model State of the Art Research LLM Aya Expanse - 32B Download the model Past events and videos Research is inherently a human endeavor, and our event series provide insights from beginning to breakthrough. See upcoming events Video Beginner Friendly Introduction to LLM Quantization: From Zero to Hero Watch the video Video Roads to Research: Applying to Research Roles in Industry Watch the video Video Lucas Beyer - Sigmoid Loss for Language Image Pre-Training Watch the video Video Your journey into research: lessons to live by with Sara Hooker Watch the video Video In-Contecxt Pretraining Language Modeling Beyond Document Boundaries Watch the video Video Calvin Luo - Understanding diffusion models: A unified perspective Watch the video Press & Media All Press Features The Globe and Mail AI chatbots fall short in dozens of languages. A non-profit aims to fix.. Read the article The Washington Post AI researchers uncover ethical, legal risks to using popular data sets Read the article Axios New AI polyglot launched to help fill massive language gap in field Read the article Frequently Asked Questions What’s Cohere Labs' origin story? In 2017, a team of friends, classmates, and engineers started a distributed research collaboration, with a focus on creating a medium for early-career AI enthusiasts to engage with experienced researchers – they called it “for.ai.” Two of those co-founding members, Aidan Gomez and Ivan Zhang, later went on to co-found Cohere, and many of the original members went on to do exciting things (pursuing PhDs, working at industry and academic labs). At the time, For AI was one of the first community-driven research groups to support independent researchers around the world. In June 2022, For AI was brought back as "Cohere For AI" when we started our journey as a dedicated research lab and community for exploring the unknown, together. We renamed to Cohere Labs in April 2025. Watch the Cohere Labs history video here . Do you charge for your educational programs or community membership? We do not charge for participating in any of our programs, and are committed to supporting educational outreach programs, which include compute resources and infrastructure needed to participate in machine learning research. are you hiring for research positions or interns? Our full list of positions are listed here . How can I stay in touch? To stay up to date on upcoming talks, sign up for our mailing list . You can also apply to join our open science community or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter . What is Aya? Aya is a state-of-the-art, open source, massively multilingual research LLM covering 101 languages – including more than 50 previously underserved languages. Learn more here . Join our open science community Collaborate with researchers, engineers, linguists, social scientists, and lifelong learners from 100+ countries on top-tier ML research. Join us